Document: 1 
selftext: I've been a cigarrette smoker for 15 years, and I feel the need to just stop it, but everytime I try, I fail miserably.
This is affecting my skin, teeth, and overall health. I have two beautiful daughters and I want to be the healthiest mother I can. Please help! 
author: Drivilhena
created_utc: 1526515622

---------
Document: 2 
selftext: Tonight I had dinner with my dad, a smoker. Afterwards, we were out in his garden and he lit up. For about 15 seconds, I had a maaaajor craving. Then he walked closer to me and the smell was just overwhelming and awful, which pretty much killed my craving. It was the first moment I felt like a non-smoker rather than a person who is just trying not to smoke, if that makes any sense. Ended up being a much better day than I anticipated! :)
author: sno85
created_utc: 1525217714

---------
Document: 3 
selftext: I get strong urges to smoke when socializing with smokers. I almost never smoke alone (maybe 1 cig a month), yet can't quit because I don't have the right mindset for dealing with the cravings I get in social situations.
author: retina_scanner
created_utc: 1525789869

---------
Document: 4 
selftext: 8 months smoke free and suddenly experiencing strong cravings this week! I think related to nice weather and the arrival of spring after a long winter.   Warm sunshine and spring greens have me remembering days in my youth at college, outside with friends sharing a smoke.....arg. I know this is just a silly nostalgic temptation....

I am so grateful to smell nice, have more money in my pocket, and to no longer have that smokers cough.  I don’t worry about ruining my health or voice and my skin looks better.   I don’t stress about needing to stop to get cigs, or when I’m going to be able to suck one down.....I’m not going to let a few cravings take me back to the ol smoking ball and chain.

Thanks for reading all :) enjoy a smoke free fun weekend.  What is your favorite way to deal with persistent cravings?!
author: Sparkyboo99
created_utc: 1525454982

---------
Document: 5 
selftext: What helped me is repeating the phrase “this craving will pass whether you smoke or not”. Also SUNFLOWER SEEDS. Don’t stop eating them. I quit last April and smoked for 15 years. You can do it. Be kind to yourself. I know you can do it!

I moved into my old place last year with 2 Doctors who were non-smokers and in order to live there I couldn’t smoke either. Also, this will probably be the most difficult for some people, but you gotta stay away from friends that smoke for a few months. Or jobs like in the restaurant industry where breaks are smoke filled.

All of this came together for me to quit today I realized it’s been (over) a whole year. I promise the cravings will stop or at least be increasingly infrequent. Make sure you have back up bags of sunflower seeds at your house.
author: wdr42
created_utc: 1526957151

---------
Document: 6 
selftext: First of all, let me say that I am really proud of how far I've come (149 days!) and I know that all of my reasons for quitting are valid and far outweigh any "pros" I may delude myself into considering. 

That being said, man I just hate the feeling that I'm not having as much fun when I'm not smoking. For the past 14 years I've been a "drinking smoker", and predominately only when I was around other smokers. If I was sober, or if I was alone, the chances were very slim that I'd smoke. I feel grateful that my only triggers revolve around drinking. That being said, I am around those triggers quite a bit (especially because my husband still smokes). I can go weeks without craving a cigarette, but the second I am drinking around other smokers I feel like I'm missing out. I know it's all psychological, but I'd love to hear from some more long-term quitters about whether this feeling goes away. 
author: lucycat732
created_utc: 1527612372

---------
Document: 7 
selftext: I had another dream last night where I was smoking. I quit in June of 2017. I was so disappointed in myself and felt awful for a few seconds after I woke up. Then I realized that was only dream me and I'm still smoke free!  It was a rush of relief. 

I don't really ever get cravings but every so often I have dreams where I'm still a smoker. It's really weird to me.
author: MerryMortician
created_utc: 1525884513

---------
Document: 8 
selftext: I went out tonight for a $1 pint special for an hour followed by 3 hours of happy hour specials. Needless to say I got pretty intoxicated! Surprisingly, after approximately 10 beers I have not craved one cigarette! Smoke has been coming into the bar and I’ve walked past several smokers but literally no craving at all. I feared the worst and was prepared going into tonight but let this be an inspiration to all, and just know it does get better!
author: Spongeman735
created_utc: 1525834469

---------
Document: 9 
selftext: I'm psyched to enter the ranks of a non smoker! i used the 7mg patch and this weekend was the first solo weekend and i did it! i did not crave smokes as much as i was lethargic, but today was great! thanks to everyone for sharing their experiences, we're in it together!
author: notoyaqui
created_utc: 1525749571

---------
Document: 10 
selftext: Im six months smoke free after a 15 year pack a day addiction.  Overall feeling a lot better, cravings are still there but they are manageable.  I'm still having trouble with long term exercising and have gotten "smokers flu"/chest cold a couple times, most recently this week.  Any one else experience this? I thought that six months clean, I shouldn't be experiencing "smokers flu" this far into quitting.  And wondering for those who exercise, how long it took to build your wind/endurance back up.  Many thanks!
author: craigellan
created_utc: 1527086012

---------
Document: 11 
selftext: Hey /r/StopSmoking. I've been a non\-smoker for 3.5 months, doing well so far. I'm on a vacation in Thailand at the moment, and having real cravings at the thought of buying a packet and smoking while here. The talk\-track is "of course I'll stop when I head home." It's attractive because a packet here is around $4 when normally they cost $30\+. Feeling really worried \- please give me some inspiration to make sure I don't smoke at all.
author: trueschoolalumni
created_utc: 1526376671

---------
Document: 12 
selftext: I’m 19 years old and no one knows I smoke. I smoke around 5-6 cigarettes a day in private, not letting anyone see me. I feel awful about this I’m ashamed that I’m a smoker and I feel if I tell anyone now they’ll never forgive me for withholding the truth for so long. I am constantly at war with myself. I have admitted it to no one but myself, but I am a smoker. I’ve been smoking for two years and have said “this is my last pack” and made a feeble attempt at quitting more times than I can count. I struggle because no one knows about my dirty habit, so I am free from any external judgement if I go pick up a pack and smoke them - which is making cravings very hard. I know I am an awful person for the way I handled my smoking. This is the longest I’ve gone in a long time and my most successful attempt as quitting; I just passed the 48 hour mark. 

I’m having a hard time and need the support, so I felt the need to write something somewhere. 

author: stomachsick6
created_utc: 1526607642

---------
Document: 13 
selftext: Hey guys, first of all I'm glad I found out about this sub! I think it really did help me with the decision to stop smoking.

I would like to tell you about my first smoke free day. It's really weird because I thought it would be a lot harder. At the beginning of this week I thought I just start smoking less before I quit for good, I really struggled and craved for cigarettes a lot.

This Wednesday evening I made the decision and said to myself, I'm a non smoker, I don't want to smoke I loose nothing if I quit but gain so much.

I've read that the first three days are the hardest, but I was surprised how easy it felt for me. Okay I'm only half way through my second day, but I feel good and confident I don't really struggle at the moment. The cravings are not as hard as I thought, it's like something clicked in my head.. Did anyone experience something similar? (I don't mean to offend anyone who struggles harder, I wish you good luck, you can do it) 
author: Arti0n
created_utc: 1527228228

---------
Document: 14 
selftext: I was damn sure I'd never smoke again. I barely thought about cigarettes, barely had cravings and was disgusted by the smell. I got through two plus years smoke free...

Then I went on holiday 2 weeks ago and was in a country where I was surrounded by it 24/7, with cheap prices to boot. I caved whilst drinking then let myself smoke for the remainder of the trip. I smoked for about 10 days in total, some days 1 or 2, some days 10 depending if I was drinking. 

Anyway I'm back and I've completely stopped again, don't feel the desire for one at all. I'm adamant that I will not continue this at home. But this experience really broke me as person... If I could let this slip after 2 years when my guard was down for two seconds, what else could happen?

Does anyone also know if quitting this time will be less intense than two years ago when I was a full time pack a day smoker? I sure hope it is, especially since I already don't feel any cravings at all really, but I'm still scared somehow I'll let myself slip. 

Cheers!
author: BigStugots
created_utc: 1525883669

---------
Document: 15 
selftext: Hey Reddit. 

A bit of back story. I've smoked since I was 15. Over 20 years. Pack and a half a day. 
I was a couch potato for my twenties and started exercising in my 30s. I've tried to give up smoking on average once or twice a year for the last ten years. This time it's different. 

My dad got news about lung cancer last Christmas. He smoked a pipe all his life. I'm not going to describe what he is going through, what he looks like or the effect this is having on us all. Imagine it yourselves and now double it. 

I have not had a cigarette in two months. The want for one is nearly gone. My trigger was always alcohol. Always. My will power went out the window when I had pints. So anyway this is what helped me. 

•Stop drinking for at least a month

•Exercise - walk, run, anything at all

•Get outside and get some air into your new lungs

•Reward yourself after a set amount of time - buy yourself something 

•Change your eating habits, you will be hungry for a time - use this to eat healthy

•The first three days are the hardest with day two the worst for me

•The pain passes, It honestly does

•Drink plenty of water

•YOU CAN DO THIS

•When you finally go for a drink put yourself in a place you can leave if you want and preferably with non smokers

•The cravings go away in five minutes

•The craving strength lessens over time

•The number of cravings reduce to nearly nothing over time

•Distract yourself when you want one, take up a new hobby - paint, knit, sow, draw, run, swim, surf, climb, board games, make models, learn a new language, learn a new skill, take on a project. 

While two months is not that long a time I genuinely feel I have broken the back on this. I'm not allowing myself to say I'm a non smoker. I think I will be a smoker for the rest of my life but I will be one who doesn't smoke. I am not going to allow myself to become complacent - I have fallen into that trap before. 

So take my word for it. I see my dad now and no one wants that. Currently you are throwing money away in order to hurt yourself and feed a pointless need. 

If I told you to pay me to give you a pin so you could prick yourself you would call me mad. That's what you are doing for nicotine.. paying someone so you can hurt yourself. 

Sorry for the wall of text. Again I'm here with my dad with tubes in places (we made a joke of counting them earlier) that no one should. Don't be that and dont be someone who becomes that. Please, for you.
author: Shiftiy
created_utc: 1525420294

---------
Document: 16 
selftext: This Sub is the absolute bee's knees Y'all. I am super grateful. I discovered it last week when I decided in the moment to quit again. I was an off and on again smoker for about ten years, alternating between a pack a day to a pack a week to vaping to smoking black 'n milds when I thought it would be okay. They are fucking gross. It all stinks, and vaping increases your douchiness by a full degree of magnitude. 

I come here sometimes to ride out a craving. Also, been doing sets of 12-20 pushups or jumping jacks to help with dopamine. Today I actually feel productive at work and able to focus. 

I am not a smoker, and you all helped me reach that. Thank you!!!
author: k310gg
created_utc: 1526661935

---------
Document: 17 
selftext: This week seems to be the hardest. I’m craving more than any other week for some reason. I thought it was meant to get easier as time goes on?! 😖 
Had a little get together last night for my partners birthday and I was the only non smoker there. There was about 15 or so people. It was difficult but I didn’t have one and I’m pretty proud. 
This afternoon my partner has some mates around to watch the football and they all smoke too, the smell of smoke wafts into the house and it stinks really bad. I jumped in the car and went for a drive just to give myself some time out. 
author: clodhoppah
created_utc: 1526109591

---------
Document: 18 
selftext: Four years ago I decided I was done smoking for good, done with the shame, done with the paranoia over my health, especially after watching my parents suffer through smoking related diseases - my mother passed two years later from lung cancer. After nine years and three attempts, the longest of which was 5 months, I woke up on May 8th, 2014 and decided I was a non smoker. 

I won't tell you it was easy in the beginning. I had to learn how to be idle without smoking, go through breakups and deaths, get drunk, be angry. Smoking carves a niche into every facet on your life but I guarantee you that are stronger than it. 

The first couple weeks were difficult and I remember day 9 being the worst day where I contemplated suicide. I knew if I smoked the feelings would go away but it would be fleeting and I'd be back at square one all over again. I knew if I just took a breath and let the moment pass, the pride I would feel in kicking this addiction would be beyond any feeling nicotine could manufacture. By the end of the first year my family would tell me they didn't even remember me smoking and couldn't picture it. Being a non-smoker became such a natural thing to me. I still check in here sometimes to remind myself to never take another puff, though cravings are very rare. 

If you're in the early days please don't give up. Make the choice not to smoke every day and before you know it you'll be celebrating years of being smoke-free too!
author: Themommas
created_utc: 1525800319

---------
Document: 19 
selftext: So I havent posted on here yet but i have been creeping the last few days reading all of your amazing posts. I am fighting the craving to go smoke a lot the past 2 days. But thanks to my supportive hubby (who has never been a smoker), this reddit, and thanks to a lot of walking/jogging (8 miles or so in 3 days) i have been able to make it to a week. 
 I am a bit concerned about a family trip we have planned next month. I know there will be drinking and my sis in law still smokes. Im trying to come up with ideas to keep from relapsing. Any suggestions? 
Thanks for all your help. ❤
author: hopekat2001
created_utc: 1527470718

---------
Document: 20 
selftext: I'm writing this as I'm smoking, and it's annoying the fuck out of me.
I've read Allan Carr's book twice (I quit for 9 months after the first reading), and recently downloaded the smoke free app, as well as started drinking water with a slice of lemon to help with the cravings, but I have one hurdle left having trouble with...
I can't seem to resist smoking at work.

At home I'm fine, on the weekends I'm good but, once I get to work (factory job with a lot of smokers) I just seen to find myself asking my coworkers for a smoke almost every break.

You guys are amazing and you really helped me last time (different account), Im going to get Champix tonight, and I don't know what to expect, I'm just looking for that little extra something to help me with this last hurdle so I can escape this trap for good.

author: BOLTLEIF
created_utc: 1527727208

---------
Document: 21 
selftext: I quit cold turkey 10 months ago, this is the longest I've gone without in 20 years. A couple months ago I would've said "I was over it, fully done no problem"...

This week has been a bit rough from a few factors, and for 3 days or so I've been getting a lot of cigarette cravings. Some of them are kinda intense, my brain's old go to method to deal with negative emotions like this.

I think this is one of my deepest craving triggers. I will not smoke but it's kind of crazy how powerful the pull is. They last for about 10-30 seconds. I know why I quit and I don't ever want to become a smoker again, but I would like for this to go away.

To those just quitting... it's way easier than you think it could ever be, but it's never free.
author: jo_da_boss
created_utc: 1526011949

---------
Document: 22 
selftext: Hi all, this is my first post here (though I’ve been lurking for a couple of days)


I decided to try and quit again. Long story short, I quit smoking cigarettes back in around about October 2017. I switched to vaping and eventually quit that altogether too.


Fast forward to a couple of weeks ago and I’m currently staying with my partner and his family (We’re in a long distance relationship) and I hadn’t touched a cigarette since I quit. Problem is, his family are smokers, so the cravings became really strong and I gave in and bought a pack. A few days later I came clean to my partner about it knowing he’d be (understandably) disappointed. But he handled it well, said everyone makes mistakes, and we came to an agreement that I could smoke until his parents come back from their mini-break (3 days in the Netherlands) then I gotta pack it in for good. I agreed and promised that I would. 


On the day they return I kept my word and gave what was left of my pack to my partners older brother &amp; that was that. 


I haven’t gave in again yet but the cravings are becoming stronger and stronger and I don’t know how best to deal with them without resorting to vaping/other products, but I know that if I go onto anything else I’ll crave the real thing again so I’m kinda just going cold turkey. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated! 

Thanks for reading 
author: CoffeeGodNcigarettes
created_utc: 1526903759

---------
Document: 23 
selftext: Hi guys,

I have been smoking seriously for about 4 years when I decided to stop last June. Over time, I made the mistake to reintroduce smoking when I go out with friends who are smokers.

Whilst I never crave cigarettes sober, away from social settings, and have never been even tempted to return to my daily habit, being 23 means I allowed myself cigarettes at least once or twice a week when I go out, enough of it to still make me feel some of the annoying consequences. 

It is very clear for me that my cigarette consumption has little to do to a classical addiction (I wouldn't even think of smoking on a daily basis, and can go weeks without doing so if I am not going out), but rather connected to social cues.

My question is: how would someone in my situation break this habit? I have made some progress lately, but I would love to hear your tips!

Thank you and good luck to everyone on the journey 
author: pastelpalettegroove
created_utc: 1526545845

---------
Document: 24 
selftext: I am about 6 weeks into my quit. It has somehow been the easiest thing I've ever done. I've barely craved. I've had casual patio drinks and way too many campfire drinks and been clubbing and camping and hiking and to the beach. I've seen my non-smoking parents and chain-smoking friends and spent days without seeing anyone at all. I feel like I've hit every trigger possible at this point, but now, six weeks in, I've been getting the worst cravings of my entire quit.

I don't feel like my life has actually changed much since my quit, except that I'm maybe a little happier and a bit less smelly. I do have more free time, as I'm not wasting 5 min x 15 cigarettes a day (an hour and 15 minutes every day, over 55 HOURS in the last 6 weeks), but really that just gets folded into other tasks. I've spent my new found non-smoker wealth on upgrading my hiking gear. Life is, ostensibly, NORMAL. So WHY NOW?

What is it about NOW, after all of this, that is making me want to cave and buy a pack? I've been thinking about it non-stop for days. There are supposed to be no triggers left! Tell me I'm an idiot, please!
author: grandiloquence-
created_utc: 1527736905

---------
Document: 25 
selftext: Long time lurker, first time post, you know the drill. I’ve been mustering the willpower to quit for a few weeks now, and today is the day. My only concern is I almost exclusively smoke while driving, so my car smells like an ashtray. Almost instantly I crave one when I get into my car or while on the road. Any other ex-car smokers have any tips to cut that shit out, or tips to make the car smell better so it’s not a super trigger when I get in? Thanks in advance, all of your success stories give me strength to kill this habit before it kills me. 
author: ReoSlothWagon
created_utc: 1525639467

---------
Document: 26 
selftext: On “Quit” app is to post what helped. (1) Chantix. Smoked 38 years. This medication decreased physical urges so I had more the mental battle to fight, which was hard enough (2) Mike &amp; Ike sours For some reason that really sour taste distracted me during cravings. (3) thinking of myself as a non-smoker. (4) support from family, friends, this site, &amp; the apps: there is also American Cancer society hotline &amp; quit groups. (5) God  (did a lot of praying &amp; I believe God gave me strength in the hard times, including a surgery &amp; painful recovery period)   Hope this might help others. Hang in there: it is soooooo worth it!!!
author: Alisandra55
created_utc: 1526924644

---------
Document: 27 
selftext: I have finally made it to 3 months! This is a big goal for me. On the day I quit, I told myself I will quit for 3 months and then I will re-asses. At three months I would decide if I still want to smoke. I know this is not a traditional approach, but I felt it would work for me. Now after three months I can emphatically say Not One Puff Ever (nope).
 
I could talk about all the benefits at three months and the list is long and wonderful, but it mirrors most of the awesome things that are talked about on this sub all the time.

At this time in my quit, I rarely have any cravings. If I have a craving it is mild and lasts a very short while. What is weird, is that I can't rewrite my memories. I am going out to a bar with my wife tonight and we sit out on the patio and there is smoking on the patio. It took me a while till I could re-introduce alcohol into my life, and longer to get to a point where putting myself in this situation was even an option. When I think about this place, my mind goes to ... yeah I used to smoke there. I remember that being fun. This is before my mind shift occurred and I still believed the lies about smoking. This was before I read Easy way to stop smoking by Allen Carr. I know now that a cigarette is going to do nothing good for me. One cigarette could and probably would start a destructive path to so many things I don't want in my life. Although, it still feels strange that those memories are there, but I feel differently about smoking now.

Thank you to this sub. You are all amazing, supportive, strong people. This sub is a big part of why I am still a non-smoker. If you are just starting out, it does get easier. I know it doesn't feel like it now, but it will happen. I will not smoke with you today. 
author: Quitrr
created_utc: 1526671063

---------
Document: 28 
selftext: (Sorry in advance for the rambling and any formatting issues. I'm finding that writing this stuff down helps me figure out ways to help myself, and if I'm honest, internet stranger support is pretty swell too.)

I've haven't had a cigarette for 6 days, though I've had two puffs of my boyfriend's 3 days ago. The vape is the only reason I haven't gone and bought a pack. I started at 6mg for the nicotine, and it has been the perfect amount to shut my brain up when I get cravings. It also helps with the hand to mouth feeling that is a major part of my addiction, so on my break I go out to vape because I don't know what to do on breaks besides smoke. 

Today I forgot it and was so upset and didn't know what I was going to do on my break, or how grumpy I was going to be, but I told myself I wasn't going to bum one. I even told the other smokers as soon as I realized to not give me one if I asked. 

First half of my break I went to the Tim Hortons near my work and then to the bathroom, and didn't get any major cravings. So that was good. Second half of my break I went and stood outside for a bit, and took another bathroom break to avoid being too bored (which triggers cravings real bad for me), and I made it through that without major anger. It helped that my coworkers are amazingly supportive, and even some customers who heard I was quitting were super supportive.

The biggest test for me was busing home. Having nothing else to do makes me crave a smoke something awful, so waiting for the bus and walking places is when a lot of my smoking would happen. I discovered that listening to music with a really heavy bassline to it helps, because the tapping of my foot gave me something to focus on.

I'm so pleased with myself, I managed to go without nicotine for a long ass time by my standards, and I didn't immediately run for my vape when I got home!

I honestly didn't think I'd be able to make it this far, yet here I am. If I can do it, anyone can!
author: CityFae
created_utc: 1526085618

---------
Document: 29 
selftext: I’ve been smoking around 10 a day for over a year now. I never thought I’d become a full time smoker but the initial buzz and enjoyment has long gone and I don’t enjoy it anymore. Waking up in a morning and craving a cigarette and going to sleep thinking about it isn’t what I want to do anymore. I had my last cigarette yesterday, which I really didn’t enjoy and I knew it was time to cut it out. I’ve got a good support system around me and I know I can do this. 

Got myself some patches, put my first one on this morning. Makes my arm hurt a bit like I’ve been punched but I’ve looked this up and other people seem to get similar side effects. I’d have usually had 1-2 cigarettes so far and I don’t even feel like smoking so far but I know it’s gonna be a hard few weeks. 

I’ve also downloaded the Allen Carr audiobook from audible, listened to the first chapter this morning and I’m really enjoying it. 

Wish me luck! I’ve got this... I hope!
author: skxt
created_utc: 1526371301

---------
Document: 30 
selftext: I will start by saying I'm not a smoker and never have been. I've lurked your subreddit for a bit and it's given me a much better understanding and appreciation of what a challenge quitting smoking is. 

I have never been able to stand smoking - the smell, the teeth, the waste of money, the breath. My boyfriend only smokes when he drinks (maybe half pack in a 4-5 hour period of drinking) and he's wanting to quit because he wants to, but also because he knows how much I hate it. He's spoken to his doctor and there is a trial program he's participating in to help him with the process. 

Here is what I've picked up from searching on here, please let me know if there is anything else that someone you love has done that helped you, or if there are any other do's (just as important, don't) that I should be aware of.

* Buy a fidget spinner or something for him to do with his hands
* Buy some dum dum suckers and gum
* Don't get upset if he gives into his cravings once or twice throughout the process
* Frequently compliment him on not smelling, or noticing that he's doing well
* Hold off on going out for a bit (I've already suggested we don't go to bars for a few weeks)
* Ask him each night how he did that day
* If he starts getting a craving, try to distract him or leave the area
* Acknowledge he'll be grumpy for the first few weeks
* Ensure that he's wanting to quit because he wants to, and not just to make me happy

He has two bars he frequents a lot and all his friends hang out at. He also works at one of them - so it's difficult for me to completely remove him from the situation. I don't want to keep him from his friends, so it may be an obstacle we need to work around. Suggestions around approaching that conversation would also be appreciated!

Thanks!!
author: A_Random_Boner
created_utc: 1527785241

---------
Document: 31 
selftext: Can't believe this is real. I still remember throwing my last pack of cigarrettes into the trash right where it belongs. If I can do it, so can you! 
author: yellowpilled
created_utc: 1525982285

---------
Document: 32 
selftext: Maybe I am addicted and I don't want to belittle anyone's struggle. I'm a casual smoker. Not a social smoker but a casual smoker. The reason I started smoking was because my first high school job as a dishwasher you got "smoke breaks" on top of your regular breaks if you were a smoker. I kept up the habit. But I only smoke at work and while driving. I think it's a boredom thing. If I'm home for the weekend I won't smoke at all or if I'm with friends or family I never need to go for a smoke. Just smoking at work and driving I smoke about 2-3 packs a week and winter I smoke 2-3 packs a month.

I think it would be easy to quit. It's unhealthy and its a waste of money. But at the same time I can't imagine what to do on work breaks or what I would do while driving. A big part of not wanting to quit if it's just almost a part of my idenity now. Anyone quit who was just a casual smoker but struggled to quit? What helped you? 
author: tprimex
created_utc: 1527491066

---------
Document: 33 
selftext: There's an unnerving irony that I became a smoker, starting in college, after my parents had quit so long ago after the doctor said "Your son has terrible asthma. You need to stop."

I grew out of the asthma and hated cigarettes. Always. If you asked me what led me to tolerate the shitty taste, I couldn't tell you. I know I was stressed and fucking up hard (oh those growing years in college), but I cannot remember the brain process that led to Yeah, smoking Newport Menthol 100s at a pack a day is totally what I want to do!"

I quit various times, only to fail. I quickly shifted from the Newports. Ran the gauntlet of cigs and their various social images. I was smoking around 3-4 a day on average towards the end this time. But I was fucking tired of it. I love running, I like being fit, I love cologne, I like smells. I was tired of compromising all of that.

So now it's 5 days. And I don't know if I'm compartmentalizing cravings away to a dark crevice of my brain, but it's not that paralytic. I associate cigs with situations rather than a release and I think that helped a lot. 

Been running 3.5/4 miles a day. Helps me see the benefit more than anything else. Glad my clothes smell good. Cleaned my car the fuck out, steam clean and everything.

The other day was a beautiful sunny Sunday - I had gotten off of work, was having a drink at a bar and around smokers. That's the fuckin shit right there, that's the cig I live for. If not right there, then driving home with some good music. But I resisted and was really happy I did. Glad to be done with cigs. Fuck 'Em.
author: justsomefuckinguylol
created_utc: 1527007896

---------
Document: 34 
selftext: I’ve been a smoker (6-8 per day) for over 8 years, and am finally ready to be free from this nasty habit. I am constantly clearing my throat at work, my chest is sore, my car and clothing smell awful, and I’m sick of living like this. 

I’ve tried to quit in the past, but the moment I have an argument, or get stressed at work, I go right back to the cigs. Today I wrote down a huge list of reasons to stop smoking, and I am going to read it every time I get stressed out or have cravings. 

I can’t get rid of the stress in life, but I can decide how I react to it. Today I am done relying on cigarettes to make me feel better. I am making a promise to love and care for myself from now on. 

That’s all I’ve got for now. Thanks so much to everyone on this sub for all the great advice. You guys are saving lives. 
author: hoplyte
created_utc: 1526063488

---------
Document: 35 
selftext: Today marks my 3rd week smoke and nicotine free! Yayy

But my cravings throughout last week were stronger than the previous two combined! It’s as though my brain is starting to realize I’m serious about this quit. I never did a ceremonial last cigarette or anything.. I just was hungover one day and didn’t want any. When I had made it 3 days or so I just decided fuck it, I’ll stick with it.

But this last week was brutal. And I think it’s because I introduced having a couple alcoholic drinks into my social life again. Nothing crazy, just some wine one day and mimosas another.

But seriously, for over an hour or more, all I did was think about going home and smoking a cigarette. I was cuddling with my girlfriends and you’d think that would keep those thoughts away.. but no. All I could think about was smoking, it invaded my thoughts entirely.

I’ve skipped going out a couple of these nights because just as soon as I decided I wanted to hit the clubs, all I could think was how it was okay to have a couple cigarettes. You know, my brain was rationalizing everything away.

“Oh, you can just be the girl that has a cigarette or two or three while she drinks. It isn’t a big deal, and is totallly sustainable.” 

Like, NO brain! Please! 

When do these thoughts go away? Do they ever? 

Or do you just sorta become the smoker that fights herself every night to not smoke. Because it’s hard to enjoy things when all I’m doing is fantasizing about sparking up. Ughhh

At least we made it to 3 weeks y’all! ✨💖
author: valerie_6966
created_utc: 1525711588

---------
Document: 36 
selftext: This is a personal reminder, but also a way to participate on this reddit which I sometimes read in the past whenever I wanted to quit. 

I'm 26, my first cig was when I was 12, my grand-parents and parents are all smokers, including most uncles and aunts. I was smoking nearly a pack a day (about 15-20 a day, sometimes more if I drank alcohol). I'm also asthmatic.

The longest I quit was 1 month, but then I went to see my family (I've been living a little far away from them now) and when I saw everyone smoking in the house, smelling cigarettes, seeing cigarettes everywhere, I could not resist, I had a weakness. I told myself "just one or two...". Then "just while i'm staying here" and then it was too late, I went back to smoking nearly a pack a day. 

Reaons for quiting again : caughing muccus every morning which makes me gag and want to vomit everytime. Being out of breath with the smallest exercices, i'm going to travel 2 weeks and doing alot of hiking and I want to be in better shape for it, I'm going on a date with a very smart, nice and beautiful girl who is also very healthy and I want to do activities with her, and I do not want to be a slave to nicotine anymore.

It's 1 A.M at my place right now, i'm working at 8:30 A.M and I can't sleep, i'm craving for a cigarette. But i'm going to stay strong. 

author: SwordmanGuts
created_utc: 1526443771

---------
Document: 37 
selftext: Anyone else do this from time to time.  I've kind of made it a bad habit.  25 days in and I've looked 3 times and been successful once in finding one.  I allow myself to do this but not to ask to bum a cigarrette off of someone.
author: [deleted]
created_utc: 1525318142

---------
Document: 38 
selftext: I've been noticing something recently and I'd be really interested to hear if other people have had similar experiences. 

I've been a non smoker for 59 days now and it's honestly been great. Haven't been close to a relapse so far, just been fighting back those addictive thoughts with increasing ease as they get weaker and weaker. I call my internal voice of addiction 'Gollum', because it keeps trying to tell me how 'awesome/relaxing/not that big of a deal' smoking is even though it's obviously trying to kill me (my favourite bit of Gollum logic is 'Hey, since it's been pretty easy to quit smoking, you might as well just light a cigarette if you feel like it! You can *really* quit any time you like! You are a unicorn who is immune to nicotine addiction!').

Anyway, Gollum has been getting weaker and less present pretty steadily over the past few weeks, to a point where he's almost non-existent, and when he does pop up I can just shut him down with a firm 'shut the fuck up you fucking dickhead' (internally, of course, otherwise people in the frozen food aisle would start looking at me funny).

However, in the past few days, the addictive thoughts have been returning a little bit, I think? I've had some stressfull days at work and working on my thesis. I'm noticing cravings more frequently, not necessarily stronger ones, just more of them. It's not unbearable, it's just... annoying. I don't think I'll fall for them any time soon as I'm still enjoying being a non-smoker far too much, but I'm hoping there will come a time where I won't have to deal with them anymore. I'm already stressed out, and now I have to waste all this mental energy debating my own stupid personification of my addiction. It just sucks. 

Sort of a **TL;DR**: Do you still get those weird intrusive thoughts trying to convice you to smoke again? Has there been a period in your quit where they got worse again, after the initial withdrawals? I'm really interested in hearing your stories.


P.S. By the way, thank you for all the amazing advice and support you've been posting here - I haven't posted much myself, but just reading other people's questions and advice has been so helpful. I'm really loving being smoke free, it's honestly been such an enjoyable life change and a large part of that is because of this subreddit :)

P.P.S. Sorry this is so long and self-indulgent, I guess I also just needed to get this off my chest. Thanks for letting me :)

author: CallMeCooper
created_utc: 1526760416

---------
Document: 39 
selftext: I quit cold turkey about 11 days ago, I still have my last half a pack of cigarettes I bought just sitting there on my dresser so I can tell myself I'm quitting because I want to. They don't have any affect on me so I keep them there, it's kind of a mental thing.

My way of quitting was a little different than most, not only did I quit smoking but I quit everything that triggered it as a habit, I limited my driving, coffee, even eating. It may sound extreme but it definitely helped and it drastically lessened the frequency of cravings for me. For the times that I did eat, I immediately replaced the after smoking ritual with just eating cinammon fireballs or gum.

The driving and eating triggers were taken care of so I figured I'd have my first cup of decaf coffee in 11 days today, and boy was that a bad idea. I got so flustered and couldn't stop pacing from room to room until I finally caved in and took one out of that pack. The good part though was that I couldn't even finish a quarter of the cigarette before I started getting dizzy and nauseous. It's been almost 16 years since my first cigarette, but smoking this one was exactly how that first one taste. This time though, instead of pushing myself through the disgusting taste and dizzying headache to finish it for the sake of my reputation among my teenage peers, I quickly put it out and threw it away. Part of me feels ashamed that I gave in, but another part of me feels OK that It showed me the true repulsive taste I have been masking by habit all these years.

I was never a morning person, or so I thought. The biggest pro of quitting has been waking up in the morning so easily it amazes me. Now instead of waking up to a big headache and heading outside to smoke the first cigarette of the day, I wake up and go have breakfast with my kids, instead of feeling ashamed to be around them wondering how bad I smell like tobacco to them. Even if I get a less than ideal amount of hours of sleep I still wake up 100x better than if I would've if I would've gotten a full nights rest as a a smoker. Stay strong... Those first 3-4 days are the only days you'll feel it, and even then don't worry about tomorrow, just worry about getting passed the next 15 minutes when you're having a craving.. I've been smoking so long everyone I know doubted I could quit, so If I could do it you definitely can. 
author: Shaif_Yurbush
created_utc: 1527321570

---------
Document: 40 
selftext: My last smoke was Sunday morning 4-29-2018.

Went from social smoker to full time smoker of 1 pack a day for the past 5 years. Kids, there is no "social smoker". You are either a smoker or not.
author: nuroger1
created_utc: 1525215340

---------
Document: 41 
selftext: Week 1 \- 2: I battled the physical addiction, had smoker's flu, was coughing like mad.

Week 3 \- 4: I battled the emotional addiction.

Week 5 \- 6: The craving subsided, it was much easier to manage triggers. My body felt much better.

Week 7 \- 9 \(now\): I've been having difficult time sleeping, constantly feel the urge to belch/burp. Never had \(or aware\) acid reflux in my life, but now I have it, chest feel like burning, there is this feeling of something stuck in my throat. Life's been pretty hectic, the most stressful period in this year.

Smoked for 6 months, smoked pretty casually for the first 3 months \(1 pack a month\), then the last 3 months I went full on addicted \(half a pack a day\), until I finally decided to quit.

Have anyone had this issue before? This is getting really annoying. I have multiple deadline in a few weeks time, and I need to be in shape to finish them. At this point, after what I've been through, I'm definitely positive that I won't have another drag anymore.

I really, really need to keep my morning black coffee. I used to have my coffee and cigs every morning, I still keep that habit sans the cigs. I usually skip breakfast and will have late lunch around 2\-3pm? I've been gouging aluminum antacid in the past 3 weeks, it doesn't seem to help much. Anything I can do to make this go away, except, please, if i can keep my morning coffee.
author: getthisoffmychest01
created_utc: 1527399459

---------
Document: 42 
selftext: I am three months in to my cigarette sobriety but somehow my cravings seem to be getting worse lately. I think that it could have to do with the warmer weather. My addict brain has been telling me that summer just isn’t the same or as good without cigarettes. I went out drinking with some smoker friends last night and the cravings were so strong.. I have a vape but was honestly fiending for a cigarette standing there with them. The good news is that I think I am getting a chest cold so hopefully that will chill my cravings out for a bit and remind me of what is really important and how copd will feel if I don’t stay strong. 
author: Chickpea16
created_utc: 1526702325

---------
Document: 43 
selftext: After over 120 days of smoke free... I opened up a pack of cigarettes today again...

Q1: Did I have any cravings?
A: First 30 days only. After 30 days, no crave at all. I got used to drinking coffee without cigarettes.

Q2: When did you slip first time?
A: I was bored and took a puff after 56 days... Threw up and thought “Damn they taste like shit..”

Q3: How did you start again then?
A: I ocasionally took a cigarette (only 2 a month) and really really had no crave after them + I took few puffs and threw it away.
Then I thought that I was superior and  that I can smoke once or twice in a month without getting hooked again. But they won this time. I started to get cravings few days ago.

Guys. Not even one puff. I just smoked my 7th cigarette today and I am ready to start over again. 
author: heklermp5
created_utc: 1526605352

---------
Document: 44 
selftext: Last year I managed to quit for 4-5 months, until I had the occasional drunk cigarettes, which slowly turned into a proper addiction again. It would be right to say that I was already addicted with the first one but it finally ended up with me smoking 30 cigarettes a day again and feeling like crap. I've tried some 20 times since to quit and the last month has been very difficult in this regard. Some quits lasting only a few hours and others a couple of days. They were all half hearted attempts which made them much more difficult. 

I feel good about quitting now and I just wanted to share my little burden with you guys. I know I can do it, just like many of you have. And I know the pain of that temporary discomfort is so insignificant relative to the actual gain of quitting. 

With the right mindset it's maybe not easy to quit, but it is inevitable that one manages to quit. And remember, there's no positive to smoking. It doesn't actually help you. We're not sacrificing anything, but only gaining back all the things we slowly lost with each cigarette and the subsequent chain of unpleasant cigarette. 

**There is no gain involved in smoking.**
We're not giving anything up, the cravings and the empty feeling our body feels is it reverting back to its healthy state. As the body repairs itself, make sure to be aware of how bad our addiction really was for us and look at it with detached humour. This minor empty feeling is what enslaved us and ruined parts of our lives, or relationships, deluded our brain and caused fights.

I hope you're all doing well and I really hope you guys manage to quit with me. The worst thing that could happen is that you fail and try again. However, when you fail, look at your cigarette and ask "*what for?*". You feel the temporary relief, but now, in 30 minutes the empty feeling will be back - and mildly stronger. There's no actual pleasure involved, it's simply a cycle where you're constantly uncomfortable. 

So, keep that in mind. The empty insecure feeling goes and so will the tension. Just be aware of it and don't envy smokers. Be happy that soon you'll be more content than they are with the added benefit that you won't be continuously administering a drug into your system which makes every mundane thing such as taking a train, having sex or a dinner mildly aggravating because of cravings.

Good luck! And wish me luck too! 
author: Freysinn
created_utc: 1526398868

---------
Document: 45 
selftext: It has been three days and I am finding myself craving an actually cigarette. The vape is much smoother and less harsh but for some reason I have this overwhelming urge to inhale real smoke, the gross toxic smoke. What is wrong with me? I have had this problem in the past when I've quit  just craving the nastiness of smoke. I would substitute with weed or even a cigar. Anyone else ever had this problem? I know i need to do it but smoking from a box shaped thing is just not the same.
author: Shellpop5282
created_utc: 1527636158

---------
Document: 46 
selftext: I'm just posting this as a reminder to myself to stay vigilant.  I'm not out of the woods.  I can hardly even tell in which direction "out of the woods" is located.  

But I'm not going to cave in.  I can make it through another day without smoking.  These craving will pass.  They've already faded from a roar to a shout, and eventually they'll be a quiet hum, easily ignored.  

I felt a craving as I went in to clean the kitchen, left messy yet again by my family.  I felt a craving as I thought about if I should get a divorce.  I felt a craving as I worried about house payments, medical bills, full time employment.  I just washed the dishes and started laundry instead.

I can smell cigarettes out in the garden. It may be a trick of the mind.  Being in my garden is a trigger, unfortunately.  I smoked while I watered my vegetables and flowers.  I smoked while I did so many things.  Now I'm learning to do them without a cigarette.  It just seems so impossible at first.  But then I do it, and it is possible, sometimes it's even enjoyable.  

That's all.  Just posting to get through the craving.  

author: AntsyAngler
created_utc: 1527175124

---------
Document: 47 
selftext: I just went outside to smoke, and halfway thru my cigarette, I felt disgusted! I threw it out. And I just tore up the last 2! I know in a hour or so I will crave another one BUT I am tired of this life! I'm tired of smelling like smoke, I'm tired of my friend walking away in disgust when she smells the smoke when I light up when we go out to eat or hit the town. I'm tired of the cravings controlling me. I know that if I don't stop now. I will die. 

So here begins NOW the journey of quitting cold turkey. I'm sure I will be posting here frequently. But I am determined and willing to get thru these cravings.

God be with me!
author: aquariusmistakes
created_utc: 1527693063

---------
Document: 48 
selftext: I’ve been thinking about this all night , My dad told me that It is possible to make this a positive experience if you transition your mind into thinking that one day   I won’t HAVE to smoke from one day I won’t WANT to smoke . 

Realize this addiction for what it is , a prison sentence . Now look at you , you walked out on that prison sentence and NO one is forcing you to suffer anymore . If you’ve made the decision to quit then you are already so close  

You CAN do this ! You WILL do this  transition your mind because you are not a smoker anymore and even the smokers are rooting for you , they all envy you they all want to be a non smoker like you are now too !  

I guess the thing to really take away from what my dad said to me was that you need to stop focusing on what you enjoyed about smoking and say out loud to yourself when you need encouragement how awful it is . Why do you hate it ! Why do you Need to change . How disgusting smoking is . Don’t let your guard down stay vigilant 

Also congrats on another day friends 
author: tdusty
created_utc: 1527337810

---------
Document: 49 
selftext: First of all, I want to say thank you to the people who took some of their time to encourage me, even if it were just a few words. Also, good job for the words of encouragement you also give to other people!

I wanted to share some thoughts I had, if it can help anyone or have some positive effect, then mission accomplished!

-First : I quit cold turkey and had no date or time planned. I did that in the past and always failed except for once for 1 month, then I fked up and smoke again. What's different this time? After the 3rd day, i'm not craving a cig anymore, i'm not fighting an impulse, not having a debate between two voices in my head (one saying smoke and the other saying quit).

-2 : I think i'm not craving anymore because I had a big realisation : most of the cigarettes I smoked were not only not enjoyed, but I smoked them out of habit. These last few months I really started to hate smoking, everything about it. When I bought my last pack, I enjoyed my first cigarette because I tried and fail to quit. But I swear to god, the 24 cigarettes after were out of habit and not in relation to a craving or even a strong desire to smoke : the first cig of the morning, the cig after eating, the ones on my breaks at the job, the one after the job and during the ride back to my place, and the one before going to bed. After I realised this, I felt even more disgust with smoking and my weaknesses.

-3 : after the 2nd day, no more cravings because I changed my mindset. I'm not sacrificing something when I stop smoking. Because I realised that I mainly smoked out of habit, it did not feel so hard to resist that few seconds of wanting nicotine. It's the opposite : I'm making sacrifices WHEN I'M SMOKING. Sacrificing my health, my money, my time, my freedom, my attractiveness. 

I hope these things were at least interesting to read for some of you. Stay strong everyone, we can do it!
author: SwordmanGuts
created_utc: 1526618095

---------
Document: 50 
selftext: I am a stressed out medical student. I picked up smoking from an ex boyfriend of mine. From there when I would study, I would find myself smoking cigarettes here and again. Eventually, I started to crave them and crave them. I realized that both as a future doctor as well as a person, I couldn't continue this. I decided to make a change. I threw out all of the tobacco in my house and purchased the patch to control cravings. Today as of now I'm 36 hrs without a cigarette. I got the patch (level 2) and it's amazing how much it kills cravings. Yes it has nicotine, but the goal is to titrate down to level 3 and then eventually quit completely. 

I'm excited to see how this progresses. 
author: jperl1992
created_utc: 1525235450

---------
Document: 51 
selftext: I’ve been smoke free for 18 days now using vaping lightly as a NRT and I haven’t had any serious cravings yet. However, all day today I’ve been thinking about the weirdest things like how I never did certain things while smoking. I was at work and I couldn’t stop thinking about how I never smoked while laying down or how I never smoked while taking a long road trip. It sounds strange but this is the only time I’ve craved a cigarette throughout this whole process and while I am very confident that I’m not going to smoke because of this I just can’t seem to shake the feeling that I’ve missed so many opportunities to enjoy smoking more than I did while I was smoking.
I’m sorry if this is hard to make sense of (I’m very tired) but I just wanted to get it out there and see if anyone had the same thoughts. 
author: alybears
created_utc: 1527656696

---------
Document: 52 
selftext: I am not a heavy smoker, one a night, so if I don't belong here I understand. Please let me know in the comments.

I smoked for two years straight, quit for a year for my girlfriend. Then last year I started smoking pom-pom(like a little cigar). I smoke them every night, and on the nights that I try to not I end up talking myself into it. I lie to my girlfriend and it's eating me up inside. I have an addictive personality, both my parents are smokers and alcoholics. I really wanna quit again but I need help and support, if you'll have me I'd love to be apart of your community. 

Thanks,

W
author: RupertWarren
created_utc: 1525328698

---------
Document: 53 
selftext: Hello y'all. I'm 21years old male. I smoked for 6 years. (yep i wanted to be cool guy in high school, stupid me) I've made my first post here when i smoked after 100 days of not smoking. That was 27 days ago. I smoked for 24 days after that, almost 30 cig a day. And i think i'm also addicted to rolling those. But l quit 3 days ago. Since it's also Ramadan my hunger gets in front of my cravings for cig. So it's helping me very well. :) Also a good diet of foods is helps the cravings.

Edit : More information about my age etc. :) 
author: elilgathien
created_utc: 1526914916

---------
Document: 54 
selftext: Am not sure what's happening. Am into 11th day of my 4th quit. All previous quits lasted only 2 weeks. Thought the first few days and week I was confident and craving free but out of the blue for last couple of days my head is making all excuses to get one and light it up. Am telling myself not to do it but feeling miserable because of this feeling this craving is not going away. It's not a 5 min craving thing. I don't know what to do. I know if I smoke I will hate it. But that's how am feeling right now. Want to smoke one badly. 
author: snakebite1720
created_utc: 1527659354

---------
Document: 55 
selftext: When I get a craving for a smoke, the thing that seems to work for me is not thinking of how great it'll be to finally give in, what works is not thinking of the guilt I'll feel once it's over.

One simple trick is to think of the filter. The disgusting brownish filter that you end up with after smoking a cigarette. Now you have to dispose of it, smoking doesn't seem appealing anymore once you've satisfied the craving, once you're looking at the evidence that you gave in. 

Filters are gross, they're not as appealing as a new and shiny cigarette from your favourite brand, think of them instead of thinking about the action of smoking.
author: The--Nerevarine
created_utc: 1527670441

---------
Document: 56 
selftext: I'm now 500 days without a cigarette and feeling good. No real cravings any more and I can comfortably sit in a beer garden surrounded by smokers and not feel I'm missing out on anything. 
 
 Good Luck to all beginning their journey, you can do it and the good feelings outweigh the initial horrible withdrawal symptoms in the long run.
author: yellowelephant88
created_utc: 1527523474

---------
Document: 57 
selftext: i am doing very well and i do not crave a smoke in the day anymore and i could not be prouder but i keep dreaming about smoking so intensely i wake up feeling that i have smoked,  anyone have this? 
author: engineUi
created_utc: 1526282657

---------
Document: 58 
selftext: I smoked one yesterday.  I'm getting right back at this.  I have got to figure out how to be around smokers without smoking.  9 times out of 10 I make it through.  Yesterday I didn't.  Damn it. I'm pissed at myself.  

Moving forward though.  I will not smoke today.
author: AntsyAngler
created_utc: 1527380872

---------
Document: 59 
selftext: So I quit smoking cold turkey almost 2 months ago. Although I am not craving the nicotine anymore I am craving the action of smoking. This is obviously not a physical thing but more mental. And I am now eating more to replace my habit. Is there a non nicotine alternative like an e -cig of some sort that I can just puff on but doesn’t have all the yucky stuff in it? If you know of something please tell me the name. Thank you
author: jteach1
created_utc: 1526991553

---------
Document: 60 
selftext: Since may 1st i am 1 year quit.

The first month was by far the hardest.
It gradually got better, still had many urges tho until month 9/10.

Since then i didn't have a single urge.
I totally have the power over those cancer sticks.
I can hold a cigarette for a friend, turn it in my hands, watch it burn, smell it, being around alot of smokers, having conversations with random people in university, going out and being drunk, **without even thinking about taking a single puff** . It's like i've been thrown back before the time i used to smoke, where cigarettes were kinda mysterious for me and i didn't get why people even smoke.

Smoking doesn't make sense to me anymore, even tho i can remember myself needing to somke a pack a day and it felt like i kinda absolutely had to.

To all of you who are struggling staying quit for only a few days or even hours.
I was at your point too. I tried to quit for **so** many times that i stopped counting. Around 50 times i guess.
I tried to quit for a year. Unsuccesful.

Don't tell yourself that you can't. 
I thought i was doomed to be a smoker my whole life.
I thought smoking was the depressing necessity of myself.

But know i fully realized that i am not a smoker.
I just had to prove it.

You don't need people to encourage you. 
It all lies within yourself.



author: GrindelShindel
created_utc: 1525452273

---------
Document: 61 
selftext: Hello everyone!  
The title gives a good summary. I don't smoke. I used to, but haven't been a regular smoker in 8, maybe 10 years.  
The thing is, when I go out and drink (which I really like), I smoke. I don't go out often, maybe one night every two weeks. But when I go out, I drink and I smoke.  
It's a habit, the connection between drinking and smoking is very strong, but I also just plainly like it.   
But it's also an addiction, as I can't seem to not do it.
I tried, but I get very frustrated and I get to a point where my mind *only* thinks about smoking, or well, not-smoking, and I find it hard to keep up conversations or just have fun.  
  
As I said, I also like it, I won't lie, but I just want to quit altogether.  
Not smoking 95% of the time isn't enough. Most of my friends have stopped, and I would like to too.  
  
I've been to the doctor, but she said she couldn't help me, as most programs are geared towards regular smokers.  
  
The only solution that worked is not going out, which I did for 6 months (and didn't drink and thus smoke for 6 months).  
But it killed my social life.  
  
So, do you have any tips? Tricks? Experience?  
author: remyspam
created_utc: 1527590201

---------
Document: 62 
selftext: 10 year smoker here, I quit again 4 days ago and it's never gone this well before. For the first time in my life, I'm certain I can do this. I've tried to quit in a serious way 4 times, but in the back of my mind I always knew I hadn't smoked my last cigarette. No matter how much I hated my habit. The thing I loathe the most about smoking is waking up to my stinky cigarette hand next to my face on my pillow after a long night of drinking. Absolutely the most disgusting thing on this planet. Drinking has always been my downfall with cigarettes. I lose all sense of willpower, and wake up with a horrible nicotine hangover every time. 

&amp;nbsp;

I tried to quit cold turkey and lasted about a month and before I began sneaking cigs on my nights out. I tried the patch because I heard it would put so much nicotine in my system that smoking would make me sick. It just gave me panic attacks and heart palpitations. I tried gum. I hated the spicy burn it had, and I often still wanted a cigarette an hour later when the gum buzz wore off. I tried vaping and it was expensive, leaky, dorky looking, a pain in the ass to keep charged, and just didn't give me that back of the throat hit I craved. Often I would find myself more addicted to nicotine than with my usual smoking habit, and went back to my American spirits with a furious apatite, smoking twice what I used to for a month or so.

&amp;nbsp;

The thing that finally changed for me, and it feels like cheating, is I found something I like even more than cigarettes. Something even more addictive and satisfying, and it scares me a little. I got a Juul.

&amp;nbsp;

It hits the back of my throat and my brain in a way no other vape ever has. In a way only that first smoke of the day can. Two hits and I'm swimming in an instant delicious nicotine head rush. It charges so fast (under an hour), doesn't have a bunch of parts to maintain, and warns me when it's running low on battery so it doesn't crap out on me at the bar. The battery lasts exactly as long as one pod so it takes the most minimal effort to keep it running. It hits perfectly every time and tastes amazing. I can use it almost anywhere because it is so small and discrete and the smell doesn't hang in the air. I don't feel self conscious using it in public. And it might be cheaper than my smoking habit, though we'll see. I'm obsessed with this thing. But I also feel like it has me hooked on nicotine on a whole new level. And I'm a little scared. 

&amp;nbsp;

It only took me 3 days to go through a pod, and one pod is supposed to be equivalent to a whole pack of cigarettes. I was rarely more than a pack a week smoker, unless I was having a serious party weekend, and most of those were bummed out to friends. I find myself wanting to hit it all the time. But I haven't wanted a cigarette even once. Not last night when I was drinking red wine with a bunch of my smoker roommates on the porch. Not this morning with my cup of coffee. Not after the big greasy burger I had for lunch. Not during my long drive home from work. Not while I was doing my homework on a heavy dose of Adderall. Not when I was feeling kinda gassy crampy and constipated and needed a little help taking a nice big shit. My Juul has me covered. 

&amp;nbsp;

I love it. I love it so much it worries me. They don't make lower concentration pods, and they definitely don't make nicotine free pods. Their juice contains nicotine salts instead of freebase nicotine like most e liquids, and this shit is like crack. Whoever created Juul knows what they are doing. I am subscribed to their monthly delivery of pods and completely beholden to them. But at least I'm not smoking. So long as I have this thing in my pocket, I know I won't ever smoke another cigarette again. I've never felt this certain I was done in my life. I guess I should be happy, but moving on to what feels like a much stronger addiction was not what I had in mind...

&amp;nbsp;

TLDR: I got a Juul and finally found something I like more than cigarettes. Too bad it is it's crazy addictive and I've tripled my nicotine intake.
author: nomorehoney
created_utc: 1527369504

---------
Document: 63 
selftext: Hey guys! I’m new to this sub. I’m a 25 year old female, and have been smoking since I was 17. I averaged 4-8 cigarettes a day, but on the weekends or on long drives it would sometimes be a pack a day. I basically only smoke when I drive or when I’m with friends- for some reason, smoking while sitting still outside or standing up has always made me lightheaded. 

7 days ago (Thursday the 17th) I got back from an exhausting trip. So exhausting, in fact, that I decided not to leave the house for a few days and just camp out in my bed watching movies. Even better, I didn’t have to be back at work until Monday! Anyways, Sunday came around and I had to run an errand. As I was going through my normal routine of grabbing my purse, keys, and cigarettes to walk out the door, I realized I hadn’t smoked one since Thursday afternoon on the drive home from my trip. I also realized I hadn’t missed it or even thought about needing a cigarette at all during that time. So I decided to stick with it, asked my boyfriend (also a long time smoker) to quit with me, and now I am 7 days from my last cigarette and he is 4!

I feel great. I have been wanting to quit for a long time now, because I would like to get in shape but could barely walk up stairs without getting winded. I was also developing a slight cough and my skin was always broken out. I’m 25, I should not have skin like a teenager!

I haven’t had any serious cravings. I got a disposable e-cig just in case, but I haven’t really had to use it. I did have a pretty killer headache last night and have had a sore throat for the past few days, and today my nose is runny as hell and I can’t stop sneezing. Probably the quitters flu, but maybe just a cold. But all that is no big deal considering I’m going to feel so much healthier in the long run! Maybe things will get worse, but for now I’m doing awesome!
author: cp010116
created_utc: 1527179140

---------
Document: 64 
selftext: Just wanted to tell you guys that I am still here, I never stopped trying to quit.  After the first failed attempt months ago, and the second last month, and the third, fourth and so on I never stopped trying. I never gave up.

And now I have finished 3 days of not smoking, onto day 4.  To all of those who slip I say get up, brush yourself off and try again.  No one succeeds when they stop trying. I feel like I have learned something from each and every slip.  Things to avoid, traps to be aware of, ways of handling cravings.  I got experience being a nonsmoker.  And now I am so proud that I have made it this far!  

Years ago I would try to quit, and the second I failed I went right back to being a smoker for another 3-4 years.  This time around, when I failed, I went back to being a nonsmoker after 3-4 days.  That shows me that I want this more than anything, and I will not stop until I succeed.  

I now love being a nonsmoker, and I am used to it. And I can't thank this subreddit enough for all the support.  So to all of you guys who have recently fallen off the wagon, don't despair.  But do not wait to get back on the wagon.  I am living proof that you can slip and still find success.  I'll keep checking in with you guys
author: irishbreakfastea
created_utc: 1525679220

---------
Document: 65 
selftext: To be honest, nothing special to see here, just another new non-smoker.

I've been down this road before. In fact as of writing this, I still have my flair from my last journey... 2129 days! I made a good run but that number was never updated and is not accurate by any means; I've been on and off about 3 times since. Crazy to think it could be real though.

I hope that doesn't discourage anyone here, it really shouldn't. I deviated because I stopped caring. The times I decided to start smoking again was a dumb, but conscious decision, not an overwhelming craving. I could go into all that, but the bottom line is I let myself start up again. Turns out it still sucks, so don't bother finding out yourself. It's the same odors, the same congested feeling in your lungs, the same constant chase, the same beating yourself up over it, the same fearing-the-worst for your health, the same guilt over paying big tobacco to poison you, the same cash out of your pocket (well actually it's even more with prices going up up up). Even vaping was an expensive pain in the ass that left me feeling gross and dependent on nicotine. It's all the same BS as it always was, believe me.

Anyhow, I just had my last cigarette an hour ago and now I'm checking in for day 'zero' once more, wish me luck!

Edit: 2 days!
author: fiftyfifth
created_utc: 1525737848

---------
Document: 66 
selftext: Good grief I'm about to buy a pack. Today is about the third day in a row where cravings are just over the top and are absorbing all my thought and energy. I'd have thought strong cravings would have occurred early on, but they didn't. Really surprised that 5+ weeks after I smoked my last cig the cravings are stronger now than ever. Gah!!!
author: I-Shoot-Nikon
created_utc: 1525204043

---------
Document: 67 
selftext: Just as the title says, I only really crave cigarettes when I drink alcohol. Lowered inhibitions cause me to buy a pack, and then I just smoke them throughout the week. By the time the next weekend rolls around, I'm out of cigarettes again, and I inevitably buy another pack. Also somewhat hurts that a lot of my friends smoke, so there's always cigarettes around.

Anyone have any experience with this sort of cycle? I'm really ready to quit, I just need strategies to combat cravings when I drink.
author: cupidd55
created_utc: 1525284325

---------
Document: 68 
selftext: I started when I was 13. 36 years and numerous attempts later, I've finally gone the longest without smoking than, with the exception of Army basic training, I ever have. Six whole days.

Several things are different this time.

* My girlfriend is a non-smoker, and didn't want me to smoke. I didn't want to sneak smokes or worry about having to completely "de-smoke" myself every time I was expecting to see her. No matter how much I brushed my teeth, chewed gum, or used mouthwash, she could still smell it in my lungs. She also wants me to stick around as long as possible, because she likes me a lot. :)

* I'd gradually been getting tired of smoking. It just didn't taste or feel good anymore. It was becoming a chore, and I started hating the way it made me smell. I was tired of being a slave to it.

* I got a prescription for Chantix. I'd used it in the past to limited results. However, this time I committed to it. It really works, and my prescription is free.

* Shit's expensive, yo. Couldn't justify spending $10 on a pack of cigarettes anymore.

* Health scare. A recent CT scan revealed something on my lung. It turned out to be nothing, but that really got me thinking.

* My living and job situations are different. Simply put, I'm not as stressed out as I used to be. I no longer work with a group of smokers who would always convene outside to gossip and smoke during break times. And I now live with my SO, and she doesn't want anyone smoking anywhere near her place.

* I'm quitting while I'm ahead. I haven't had any major medical problems or health issues. I haven't gotten sick or developed a cough. I know it's only a matter of time, so I'm not pushing my luck any further.

I'm using a quitting smoking benefits timeline to see where my body is on any given day, and that's really helping me stay focused. It's been surprisingly easy this time - or at least easier than I thought it would be. If this former smoker can quit, so can you. Just keep trying.
author: erebus843
created_utc: 1527179316

---------
Document: 69 
selftext: Just wanted to drop a note and ask one important question. 

Am on my third attempt to quit in last 3 months. Maximum I went was 14 days smoke free and all of a sudden am back smoking. 

Have been a smoker for around 12 years with Average 10 ciggrates a day. So my questions are :

1- How soon should I expect to get better in terms of health stamina lungs etc etc. Am gyming for last 1.5 years. Cardio and all. And been a athlete for almost all my life. 

2- am using nicotine patches this time. Stage 2 ones. Is it fine using them. I am using them because I don't wanna go back smoking again and will do anything for it. 

My goal is simple. To build muscles and be a dad soon :)  and if I remain a smoker I won't get the desired results. 

Suggestions?? 

Thanks for reading. 
author: snakebite1720
created_utc: 1525613384

---------
Document: 70 
selftext: Yep. I have said that like 1000 times, but this time my decision is final.

I’m tired of being out of breath while not even doing anything. My girlfriend is sick and tired of our apartment smelling like smoke, although I smoke on the balcony a lot of the smoke gets in. I am also done with the feeling of having to buy a new pack while I could use the money for something much more reasonable.

The thing is, most of my quits have failed at the point I have nothing to do and I get really bored. That’s when the cravings really kick in. I could use some tips for these situations, the ”waiting for the craving to pass” -method hasn’t really been working for me...

Oh, and fuck you Philip Morris.
author: lerssi68
created_utc: 1527189967

---------
Document: 71 
selftext: I hate smoking. I really do. I hate the smell, I hate me for smoking, I hate that my friends, who were much heavier smokers than I have ever been, could quit but I couldn't. I've tried many times to quit. I've managed to go a few weeks without smoking, but always relapse. I'm 32 now, and I've been smoking for about 12 years now. I don't really smoke that much, about 5 or 6 cigarretes a week. Any advice?
author: uncopernico
created_utc: 1526566915

---------
Document: 72 
selftext: I had an interview yesterday and I went 4 months without smoking. I have an addictive personality, and normally crave a smoke for months. I was wondering if I could get any advice.
author: GenocidePrincess
created_utc: 1527241730

---------
Document: 73 
selftext: I'm here on my second quit; my last quit was back in 2016 for around nine months. I began smoking again in September 2016 and did so daily until April 26th, 2018. I've been smoking since around 2012, so on-off for around 6 years now.

This quit has been surprisingly easier than expected. I quit cold turkey, and haven't had many major cravings; I had a personal emergency happen in my life early on in this quit which almost caused me to relapse (that was the strongest craving I've had!), but other than that, it hasn't been as difficult as the first. I'm a bit nervous, since I was expecting it to be a bit more...difficult? 

Anyone else experience something like this? I've been waiting for the day that a strong craving slaps me right in the face and the journey becomes difficult, but so far, it really hasn't happened. It can't be this easy, right?
author: one-eye-deer
created_utc: 1527621250

---------
Document: 74 
selftext: My last cigarette was last Thursday. Friday I took a half of a dose of LSD. I still had a ton of cravings for nicotine! However i felt as if I was able to objectively deal with the cravings better. Plus I was in a better mood and was able to laugh at the cravings! On day three I still had cravings, but they were more like an annoying mosquito bite to be ignored. 

I've been smoking for 12 years. I have seriously quit somewhere between 10-20 times. The longest I have refrained from tobacco is 3 months. 
author: Honor_Code
created_utc: 1526320408

---------
Document: 75 
selftext: Hi, newly created account after lurking for a while.  11-year, 5-10/day smoker who quit by accident 17 days ago due to a trip I took with a group who didn’t know I was a smoker.  I’ve been careful about hiding it around a lot of people out of shame for years.  I figured I would do what I always do, and buy a pack on holiday and sneak out to smoke some, feeling guilty all trip, but I just didn’t?  I was able to chalk up my early quitting symptoms to jet lag, etc.  

Now that I am home, I am having a harder time than I did the first week!  Now that I *could* smoke whenever I want, I have to remind myself not to, constantly.  I feel like even my physical symptoms (cough, anxiety) are back just like they were the 2nd day!

Will this happen with every new triggering situation?  I imagine every first smoke-free concert, bonfire, drunken night out, heart to heart with my roommate in the garden, finals week... will remind me that I want to smoke, but when will the cigarettes loosen their grip???
author: Mutt-J
created_utc: 1526685591

---------
Document: 76 
selftext: I really want to quit smoking but am struggling with it. The funny bit is I can easily get myself to adopt other healthy habits, like exercising and eating clean, but just can't get myself to quit smoking. I've had severe depression for a good part of my life, and recently got a job after being unemployed for a while. My job is hectic and I work long hours, but I like it for the most part. 
I was never a particularly hard smoker, but was nevertheless addicted. And in the last month since I've resumed work, my smoking has increased as my work is very demanding. 

I'm thinking of quitting this weekend since I wouldn't be at work. But honestly not confident about it. I had one other serious quit attempt before some years back when I quit for a few months. 

Would really appreciate some guidance, and for all the ex-smokers, what has been your experience since you quit?

author: SocraticMethod7691
created_utc: 1526050225

---------
Document: 77 
selftext: I would have one smoke and one glass of wine a day. Today is day 17 and I’m sitting on my deck with wine and no smoke. I’m doing good! Not even craving. 
author: Tammie-Lee
created_utc: 1527719357

---------
Document: 78 
selftext: I got out of the hospital with pneumonia and after 3 days I was able to smoke again. Realized it was disgusting after two weeks of not smoking. Now that my lungs healed back up I have intense urges to smoke, so I bought camel snus to kill cravings. But I want to live longer with my wife who also smokes. Thanks for the support guys. Day 1 let's do it.
author: Undoxed
created_utc: 1525355399

---------
Document: 79 
selftext: I put the patch on this morning at 9.  I need to do this.  Just venting that on the app it says log your cravings- can you just put one massive craving for the day?  

How long til your brain stops thinking it is going for a smoke?  The psychological addiction is horrible.
author: speechkath
created_utc: 1527701849

---------
Document: 80 
selftext: And didn't smoke! Sorry for the clickbaity title, lol. This really feels like a milestone. I've had nights where I've had a few drinks since quitting, but I always took it kind of slow just to be safe. 

Last night the drinks hit me a little harder than I was expecting. Nothing crazy, but I was definitely drunk. And hanging out outside with smokers, which sounds like a recipe for disaster. But I didn't even consider asking for a cigarette! It just didn't even come up. At the end of the night I thought to myself 'Hey! I didn't smoke. And why would I, I'm a non-smoker now!'

What has been your biggest quitting milestone so far? The first 24 hours, or the first week? A routine you were able to break, or a special event?
author: CallMeCooper
created_utc: 1527601754

---------
Document: 81 
selftext: I’ve had a horrible cold all weekend. The tightness in my chest and my swollen throat feels exactly like waking up after a night of chain smoking. I’m so grateful that I’m not smoking on top of it! That was always the worst part of being sick as a smoker- the compulsion to smoke even when you know it’ll make you feel 1000x worse. 
What’s a freedom or convenience you’ve gained from quitting?
author: bribotronic
created_utc: 1526442154

---------
Document: 82 
selftext: This is the first morning, in a long time, that I woke up and didn't crave or think of having one.  I totally forgot, for a few hours, that my smoker morning routine is to wake up and have one.  I didn't think about having one, until I drove past one of my nicotine dealers.  

I am really glad I found this sub.  All the information and support here really helps people quit.  Thank you everyone!
author: ludikr1s
created_utc: 1526041883

---------
Document: 83 
selftext: I’ve been on nicotine patches for 45 days and scaled down the dosage as instructed.  Yesterday I went patch free and the cravings are a bit stronger now.  Had a dream last night about smoking and woke up thinking for a second that I would go outside and have a wake up smoke.  It was only a second before I remembered I’m a nonsmoker.   The fact that my subconscious forgot that fact concerned me.  There’s been a few moments where I feel a bit panic stricken.  I do feel that my practice in overcoming the psychological cravings first while using the patch is helping me go through now final physical withdrawals and remain strong.  The cravings so far are a bit stronger than anticipated and this last day has been harder than I thought .  Oh well 2 days to go before the nicotine is completely expelled from my body.  Wish me luck!  I’m sticking to my quit.
author: eldouchebagel
created_utc: 1526736547

---------
Document: 84 
selftext: I'm 22.  Figure now's the right time to stop. Started a few years ago casually. As a 'social smoker'. Eventually started buying my own packs, smoking alone and at this point I suck down 4 to 6 a day.  Sometimes to deal with stress, sometimes from habit, sometimes just cause I'm already outside so may as well.  I've definitely consistently owned a pack of cigs for a year now.  
I tried cold turkey a few months back and couldn't do it.  I went through two rough days and a sweaty, shivering, sleepless night but I cracked at the end of day two.    

I'm trying something new this time.  I got a cheap vape and medium level nicotine juice.  Gonna work that for a week and switch to lower nicotine.  After that I'll switch to zero-nicotine juice and just hit the thing for taste--I figure that might make it easier.  

I gotta do this now.  I've just finished college and got a few weeks before I start work and being a 'real adult'. I'm young but I've already felt the side effects...being winded after a flight of stairs, feeling short of breath etc.  I've got some low-stress weeks coming up so there's no better time on the horizon.  I got my vape to keep it easy and have been careful not to hit it like crazy and I got a plan to cut down.  
Back when I first started smoking the lie I told myself was that it was fine cause I was young.  Just being a dumb kid.  Well, here I am about to enter the real world so it's now or never.  I'm done.  I'm done denying that I'm somehow not addicted.  I'm done caving to the pressure. I'm done lying to myself I could quit any time. 

I've been off cigs for two days now, using my vape to curb the cravings when I start going nuts.  It's been bad at times but no where near as bad as cold turkey.  I got this. Small steps.  

Thanks for reading if you've read this far. Just figured I'd share.  I got friends supporting me but none of them smoke so it's not the same.  If anyone's got tips on how not to get hooked on the vape I wouldn't mind hearing those either I guess.  
author: NonprofessionaReader
created_utc: 1525906718

---------
Document: 85 
selftext: It's been 4 days now and I had exactly 6 mild cravings. The medication is called Bupropiona and it's prescribed by a doctor. When I went to see the Pneumologist I told him I really wanted to stop smoking but due to PTSD and pretty much not doing almost anything (no distractions) it was HARD. He then prescribed me these pills which are mild antidepressants originally but today they use it mainly for quitting. Apparently what it does is feeding your dopamine receptors which the cigarettes would, so your cravings ain't that bad. You can also smoke while starting the treatment because the medication takes 20 days to start working effectively. I've been taking it for 18 days and I started to smoke less already in tge third day. There been days that I got up to go out for a smoke but I *legit didn't wanted to*. Just a &gt;meh&gt; feeling towards smoking. Now, as I said in the beginning, it has been 4 days and **I don't miss/want to smoke at all**. No crazy unbearable anxiety. No &gt;distracting exercises&gt;, no nothing. I highly recommend talking to your doctor about it.  

Oh, the main reason I quit: it was giving me stomach ulcers so there's that. 
author: gingertea101
created_utc: 1525225463

---------
Document: 86 
selftext: I’ve tried to quit dozens of times but my husband is a smoker and isn’t ready to quit. This means I have to say no to smoking constantly and constantly reminded of how easy it is for me to do. I feel bad because sometimes I resent him a little for being a smoker since I know I would have quit for good by now if it weren’t for him wanting to continue the habit. Any tips?
author: MichiganGirl246
created_utc: 1526826932

---------
Document: 87 
selftext: I am an occasional smoker. I smoke only on weekends mostly, around a pack on a weekend. Maybe half. but not more. 
Even though its not much, it bothers me and i want to quit. But its hard for me.
Do you know any motivational tricks to help me go through it and not smoke? 
Something connected with $ or something i dunno

author: Kornell2018
created_utc: 1525625901

---------
Document: 88 
selftext: About a week ago I posted about my decision to quit. I've been doing pretty good about it too. Most of my cravings now only come from stop smoking ads or reading this sub and they are really short cravings. 

Part of the reason I said I am comfortable with quitting is because I finally left my stressful fast food kitchen job. Tomorrow though after getting off work from my nice non stressful job I will be going back to the old job just to help out on a single shift. 

I know it is going to be a stressful night and I am probably going to want a smoke more than I have at all since I quit. But I can do it. I'm gonna borrow some strength from y'all though for this trial.
author: Waterknight94
created_utc: 1526081233

---------
Document: 89 
selftext: Hi, I am currently 17 years old, having been a smoker for 2 years, smoking between 10-12 cigarettes a day. Am I screwed?
author: brickies2018
created_utc: 1526503093

---------
Document: 90 
selftext: Today I am in my 4th smoke free/no nicotine after 15 years 10 cigs a day. I have been using a vape with 0 nic juice just to help ween off. Day 2 was bad. Like constant cravings all day and some anxiety. Other than day 2 I honestly haven’t had any strong cravings or stress/anger/anxiety. Should I expect it to get worse?
author: Disgruntledbrownsfan
created_utc: 1525201209

---------
Document: 91 
selftext: Not one puff since I began my quit 41 days ago with the aid of the step 2 patch and I stuck the last one to my arm this morning. Still, I often get intense cravings. Tomorrow I begin the step 3 patch for two weeks, and then I am done - forever - cravings or not. This, after 30+ years of smoking. Wish me luck!
author: I-Shoot-Nikon
created_utc: 1525553163

---------
Document: 92 
selftext: I've been alive less time than some of you have been smokers. I was a social smoker for the past couple of years, a fag or two with a drink, and for the past 4 months I've upped my intake since getting a new job. Going for smoke breaks with mates, socialising like that, chatting shit while smoking.

I'm just done with it. My whole work day started revolving around when I'll next be able to go for a cigarette or two. I wanna stop it before it takes over my whole life. It's already gone out of control.

Why the fuck do I go to therapy every week if I use cigarettes every time I'm stressed anyway?

Why the fuck do I do an elaborate skincare routine every morning and evening if I'm going to destroy my skin with cigarettes?

Why the fuck do I bother spending money on perfume if I end up stinking like an ashtray at the end of the day anyway?

I smoked my last cigarette on Friday morning. Read that Allen Carr book as well. Shoved all my lighters into one drawer.

I don't want to bother smoking anymore. I don't need it to cope. I shouldn't have started in the first place, but now I can't do anything but stop. 

Fuck this.
author: keriaszek
created_utc: 1525708296

---------
Document: 93 
selftext: I have absolutely no craving after smoking for 35\+ years. 2 1/2 months and counting
author: autobodyman365
created_utc: 1526487004

---------
Document: 94 
selftext: I am 24 years old and have been a smoker for 4 years... 3/4 pack a day. I decided that I need to quit for a plethora of reasons (Why shouldn't one quit). Anyway, I quit on Saturday so I had been sober from cigarettes for 4 full days. Last night, I was in a really frustrating spot with my ex boyfriend and feeling really stressed and I caved an bought a pack. I have since then smoked 2 cigarettes - which I will say were both completely disgusting. Tasted gross, made me wonder what I am doing. I had a headache after both cigarettes. 

I am just wondering if anybody has any advice about how to move forward. I can accept that I have caved and smoked 2 cigs, that it's not the end of the world. But I would really like to prevent myself from sliding backwards and becoming a regular smoker again. 

Thanks in advance!!!
author: kbemis2012
created_utc: 1526564777

---------
Document: 95 
selftext: I smoked for 10 years, in 5 hours time I will have hit the 4 day mark of not having a smoke, something I have not achieved in my countless previous quit attempts.

There are always interesting debates about quit methods, a lot of opinions say ‘Just quit’,  some people (who I admire and equally envy) can do this, however some can’t.

On Wednesday last week I bought an e-cig and liquids, I still had tobacco left, on Thursday I had one roll up on my way to work, and left two roll ups worth of
tobacco at home, that evening I got home had a beer and smoked my last two roll ups and from that point I have used nothing but the e-cig.

Obviously I’m still feeding my nicotine addiction, however it has been proven that vaping is at least 95% safer than smoking.

So I feel good about it, I haven’t had any troublesome cravings and already I’m starting to feel better as my body is beginning to expel the crap from my lungs.

Already my breathing is better, I no longer wheeze, I feel more energetic, the last 2 nights I have had a much better sleep than I can ever remember.  I no longer struggle to get up in the morning and I already feel physically and psychologically better... in just 4 days.

My commitment to myself is to get to my 30th birthday in September having rid myself of a habit and addiction that took control of my life.

Even if this means spending the next 12 months vaping, I will crank it down to zero nicotine when the time is right and then focus on gradually cutting down and eventually cutting out vaping all together.

This weekend has given me a lot of hope as I managed to do something I never thought possible...

I drank in the sun, partying with friends and surrounded by smokers on Friday and Saturday, however with the help of my e-cig I got through all of it relatively struggle free without touching a smoke.

As I write this I launch into another cough and yet more phlegm is cleared, it may be disgusting but it’s what we all have to do, just remember, each painful step is another step that you and your body is taking to clear out the badness that you’ve put in.

Now I have reached this point I know that I’m committed to it because I see the previous 3 days as an investment in my health, I’m not prepared to undermine that.

Remember that we are all stronger than those white sticks, you may need assistance or an NRT to break the tie of smoking, but there is a way out.

I will add that a girl asked me for a lighter for her cig, it felt great to say ‘I don’t have one, sorry’.
author: PringyUK
created_utc: 1526909667

---------
Document: 96 
selftext: 2,071 cigarettes not smoked. I never even thought about how many cigs I smoked outside of 24 hours. 2000 is a metric fuck load. I can't imagine when I started smoking (15) that at one point in my life the amount of cigarettes I would have avoided would be anywhere near that amount. I'm near 3 months in and to all the people out there that are still contemplating quitting or those hanging on by a thread look at this number. Its nice to be a non smoker.
author: Dafapattack31
created_utc: 1526360929

---------
Document: 97 
selftext: I"m not really craving much, haven't since I quit but last weekend I was hit with stress and Saturday was pretty much a nonstop crave. I ate ice cream and distracted myself with tv but it occurred to me this morning I have to plan and be ready. Catastrophic stress will come, no doubt about it, things happen, and if my go to is still, me chainsmoking, I will be right back there again.  I must find another way to handle things.  So, say the worst possible thing happens, how will smoking help?  Will it calm me down?  No it won't.  Will smoking energize me?  no of course not. It will not do a damn thing but turn me into an instant addict again.  Must plan ahead and come up with a strategy to cope.   
author: pmichel
created_utc: 1526992407

---------
Document: 98 
selftext: Decided to take some inspiration from [this thread from earlier](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/8kl4dl/update_currently_119_hours_smoke_free_you_guys/) for the title.  \(ಠ⌣ಠ\) 

First of all I'm glad to be here. I'm thinking to leave this here in case someone reads this, the stars align, and there's \+1 people that stop smoking.

**How I made this decision:** It was pretty much out of the blue. I got tipsy because of a friend's birthday and took some caffeine from another friend \( to stay awake and work more \). Was cheery and went to bed. Woke up at 6:00 AM and was about to go to gym. I usually have a cigarette\+coffee right after I wake up, but I felt I didn't necessarily crave a smoke, so I decided I'll see how much I can last \- maybe I'll quit. 

Long story short \- I pretty much noticed it didn't kill me as the hours passed and when I had a craving I'd think about: **saving money / no more risks of cancer / self control / more time since a pack a day = \~6mins\*20 just to smoke / if I've gone 8 hours without smoking I'll lose respect for myself if I give in.**

So now I've got a sore throat and chest pains and in the morning i lay in bed unmotivated and **yearning for the sweet embrace of the void**, but I feel great after I get out of bed.

In the moment I get a craving, I focus on what I'm doing at that moment and facing whatever thing I've got to do \- and it's like my brain's been upgraded since quitting. I pretty much have stopped procrastinating by smoking and just solving more problems more efficiently.

It also adds \+10 Morale \+10 Self\-respect

Friends smoke but I've got no problems being around them.

Problems that arise are **what do I do with my hands?** Also when having a beer it's weird not to smoke, or when taking breaks \- I'm on the search for substitutes.

**\(I'm sorry if I'm rambling here and it's hard to read\)**

Lastly, my life's quest right is finding out the best substitutes that give similar pleasure to smoking in some cases. I'm hoping you can help me out here. 

**Does anyone have any good substitute for cigarettes when:**

* taking smoke breaks \(besides the drinking water or going for a walk \)
* going out with friends and drinking
* having morning coffee or coffee throughout the day \(I've found a small cookie is ok so far\)

Thanks for listening &amp; hope I didn't bore you to tears :3
author: DraculaServers
created_utc: 1526760333

---------
Document: 99 
selftext: I'm on day 4 and the cravings and irritability have been bad today. I haven't given in though so I'm proud of myself. I keep going outside and talking a 5 minute walk every hour (like I used to smoke), I'm sucking away on lollipops and I'm reminding myself how awesome it will be to stop thinking of cigarettes all the time. 

One craving at a time...
author: LopsidedSorbet
created_utc: 1526583590

---------
Document: 100 
selftext: Long time lurker, first time poster! 

I enrolled in a program through a university to stop smoking. We’ve done 5 weeks of counseling to figure out my triggers. Talked about the reasons I smoke and how to handle triggers. 

What are some things you have successfully done to switch up your habits? When you really crave a cig, what do you do instead of smoking? 

I’ve never tried to quit before. I smoke a pack a day and have for 10 years. 

Currently wearing the patch and trying to distract myself. 
author: penrosa
created_utc: 1527790924

---------
