Document: 1 
selftext: Can't believe this is real. I still remember throwing my last pack of cigarrettes into the trash right where it belongs. If I can do it, so can you! 
author: yellowpilled
created_utc: 1525982285

---------
Document: 2 
selftext: I stopped smoking cigarettes in January, and moved to vaping. It wasn't hard at all. I lost my vape stick a few days ago and managed to get through one whole day without nicotine \(my head was pulsing all day\), but I've since bought a pack of cigarettes and smoked 5 in the last 2 days.

I don't want to start smoking again, and I don't want to have a crutch anymore, but I have serious exams coming up in 2 weeks, and I'm afraid the side effects of quitting nicotine cold\-turkey will impact how I do.

I'm also afraid that I'm only telling myself that because I don't want to quit, and that if I do bad in exams and I did quit smoking at the same time, I'd just blame the poor results on quitting.
author: anybirdy
created_utc: 1525191513

---------
Document: 3 
selftext: I'm into week 2 and REALLY struggling with a huge crave. It's been building the last couple days and today it's almost unbearable.

I just can't stop thinking about just going, getting a pack, smoking 1 and then restarting the stop.

Now logically I know this is BS and just my mind telling me to give in, and the cycle begins again.

However, right now I just can't cope. Does having a nicotine mint reset my quit counter? Would this make me more likely to start smoking again as I'm putting more nicotine back into my body?
author: Ourkid1010
created_utc: 1525621464

---------
Document: 4 
selftext: After many previous quit attempts that lasted from weeks to months, but always resulted in a return to the ole ciggies, I've switched to vaping. I had been smoking a pack a day (for 23 years or so), so started on 18mg nicotine. Am down to 12mg after just 2-3 weeks, and finding it fine. Liking the taste of vaping much more than cigarettes, and although it most likely isn't *harmless*, it's definitely a *better* option than what I was doing. 

I plan to slowly move down to 0 nicotine and eventually off it altogether. Keen to hear others' experiences with this.

I know not everyone in this sub thinks this is a "valid" way to quit smoking, but please keep the comments helpful. Whatever works for you, I say. Thanks.
author: SquirrelAkl
created_utc: 1525764269

---------
Document: 5 
selftext: TL;DR: So far so good, noticing a range of effects. 

I would like to document my progress with Chantix and share it. If you guys are interested I'll answer questions and post updates. This is kind of long. Mostly about the drug, relevant background info about me is at the end. 

I'm currently starting my second week. This is day 1 of full dose and no cigarettes. 

Week 1 was mostly uneventful. During Week 1 I was allowed to smoke, and the dosage gradually increased.

First I'll go over the side effects. I had some oddly vivid dreams on Day 6. Slightly more vivid and memorable than usual. The kind that you still remember a few days later. Nothing major, first one was kinda sexual, second one was kinda violent. I was an observer, not a participant. I remembered more detail than usual and the content was interesting and a little disturbing, but these definitely were not nightmares. 

As for the desired effect, it's working very well. After a few days I started to lose interest in cigarrettes. On Day 4 I stayed up late drinking and smoked a pack (probably close to 2 total that day, plus vaping). The next day I only had 3 cigarettes. I smoked no more than 5 a day on the remaining two days. Today I've had zero, with one very minimal urge during lunch. Every time I smoked after day 4 it tasted bad, felt toxic and harmful, and had no reward to mask what the cigarettes were really doing to my body. 

There are also unexpected but desirable effects. It seems like Chantix has curbed my addictive personality entirely. I have a broad range of unhealthy habits that I've been wrestling with for years. I've found that every urge is weaker, and in most cases there is significantly less payoff when I act on them. I feel like I can finally exert control over several areas of my life without draining my willpower. I'm not any more motivated than I already was, I'm simply less drained from fighting with myself all the time. However, this can be a bad thing because I suspect Chantix indiscriminately interferes with established reward circuits. If I had a ton if good habits, or habits I didn't want to break, I'd be calling this anhedonia, which I believe is a commonly reported side effect. 

I researched the side effects and I'm reasonably concerned about them. I have a history of depression and I drink. I've had other mental health issues in the past where I mildly hallucinated and experienced intense paranoia and panic attacks coupled with manic episodes. It was a bad reaction to medication. If this works for me hopefully this will become a good account of the effects of this drug for people that may benefit from it. If not this will become yet another cautionary tale about the dangers of taking Chantix.

My impression at this point is the nicotine withdrawal will trigger the intense dreams, because the first oddly vivid ones happened on Day 6, after my nicotine intake had dropped significantly. I've read accounts where the dreams started several weeks in, and others where bad side effects started almost right away and they had to quit after a few days of taking the full dose.

I'm expecting the side effects I've been warned about to manifest at some point, but I've mostly kept it together through some pretty intense episodes in the past so it will take a lot to make me stop.

Background: 

Been smoking for 6-7 years, gradually smoking more and more. Started passing the pack a day mark recently. I'll go through a pack in a few hours on weekends when I'm drinking. Basically chain smoking whenever I have time, and often when I don't have time. I also vape while indoors.

I'm a big guy, athletic and muscular build with a little extra fluff. 6'3", 255 lbs, late 20's. The dose appears to be the same for everyone, so I wonder if my extremely mild side effects are related to my size and age.  



author: scrumtrellescent
created_utc: 1525723720

---------
Document: 6 
selftext: Friday, May 11, 2018, will be my 14th smokefree birthday.   

Not a single bit of nicotine in 14 years. 

If I can do this, you can too. 

I was utterly hopeless.  I was to the point where I hated smoking.  Hated hated hated it.  Hated myself for doing it.   But smoking, and hating it, and hating myself, was "easier" and "less painful" than a few days of discomfort and some understanding how your body's addiction worked, and how it can be broken.  

Until that one day.  May 11, 2004.   Three months shy of 36 years old.    In my car.  Smoking a last cigarette, from a pack I'd just bought.  I just *had* to go out and get a pack.  I *need* that pack.  *Need* it.  

Driving back home and polluting my lungs, I finally thought it. 

"I'm sick of this shit."

I'm sick of my addiction controlling me.  I'm sick of having to smoke. I'm sick of needing this.  I'm sick of the lost money. I'm sick of my wife, my friends and my kid frowning at me because I smell so bad.  I'm sick of hiding this from people.  I'm sick of going to such lengths to smoke and then hide it.  I'm sick of hacking up my lungs in the morning.  I'm sick of getting winded walking up half a flight of stairs.  I'm sick of getting bronchitis every year for 15 years now.   

I'm' sick of quitting and starting, quitting and starting, quitting and failing. I'm sick of getting 3 or 4 days under my belt and then giving in and smoking.  I'm sick of getting juuuust over that hump and then going back.   This is crazy.

I'm sick of this shit.   

I tossed the pack away.  I went home.  I went to bed.  

The next day I shoved nicotine gum in my mouth and suffered through 2 days of intense physical withdrawal with the gum just taking the edge off. 

Day 3 was better.  Day 4 was even better.   Day 5 was OK. 

I got rid of the gum on day 10.  

Day 11 was tough.

Day 12 was OK. 

Day 13 was GREAT.   

Not a cigarette since then.  

You can do this.  YOU CAN DO THIS. 
author: LewisCross
created_utc: 1525889138

---------
Document: 7 
selftext: I have read tons of online material about preparing, have taken the steps a few times in the past, but the only thing I've left out previously is letting people know my intentions. Each and every time I have set a date in the past year or so, it's been too easy to put it off, simply because of this step. 

This time I'm announcing it (have already told a few people, got a currently smoking quit buddy, and a wealth of advice from an ex smoker who's also helping). 

Additionally...I've rid my space of ashtrays, any old packs, anything associated with smoking, and am destroying my last pack before I go to bed tonight. I've got a list of what to do in the event of triggers, and have some tea tree/mint toothpicks, along with some carrot sticks, for the first week or two. 

No nicotine replacement - tried a few different ones, did not like them. Plus, I want to just get the nicotine out of my system and move on from smoking. 

Any advice for how to hang in there for the first day, three days, week? 
author: meldavis99
created_utc: 1526268762

---------
Document: 8 
selftext: Today I was on day 4 of cold turkey but the depression got to me. It got pretty bad this afternoon so I caved in and bought a pack.

I realize that depression is part of quitting smoking but it seemed like it got pretty bad. Is it normal for it to get this bad?

I wasn't suicidal but wasn't happy about being alive. I do suffer from clinical depression but my meds keep it under control pretty well. At this point I don't know if the nicotine and MAOIs (in cigarettes) were helping to keep my depression under control or if it's purely depression from the withdrawal.

Or perhaps the lack of nicotine and or other chemicals means I would need a dose adjustment for my meds.
author: hunter2ismypass
created_utc: 1525822120

---------
Document: 9 
selftext: What makes it hard is that I have no support around me. I was a closet nicotine addict, I started with dip and then used cigs in college. I decided to buy a Juul towards the end of of the semester so that when I went home I could conceal my habit better from my parents. 

I had about a pack a day habit, and I have called it quits 3 days ago. I feel in pain, I have been getting  angry at my mom for no reason and I get agitated easily. I feel as though I'm going about this alone and it is making it so hard for me. Nobody understands that I am having trouble sleeping, have a weird feeling in my head, and crave nicotine soooo much.

I know it's the devil, but life with the devil in it seems like it was better then this :(

These have been the worst days of my life
author: Trentisonice
created_utc: 1527170953

---------
Document: 10 
selftext: Hey, everyone. I’m on day 4 of my quit and I have been using a low nicotine vape as a bit of a crutch to help with me getting through this. (2 pack a day smoker) 
I’m sure most of you have experienced the coughing and hacking up of mucus and all sorts of goodness from your chest throughout your time smoking.
I’m still experiencing this lightly and I’m curious if I should blame the vape or is this just residual effects from my smoking as I’ve only been off the cigs for 4 days.

author: alybears
created_utc: 1526438100

---------
Document: 11 
selftext: About a year and a half ago I made my first real attempt at quitting. My habit wasn’t terrible, but it was there. I was 31 at the time. Had been smoking regularly since 15.  At worst my habit was 3-4 packs per week.  But I usually settled in the 2-3 range.  Anyway my physician just said try. So I did. I went with Wellbutrin. It worked for me. I stopped smoking for the better part of 4 months.  I was also sober at this time.  Then I started drinking again, then the Wellbutrin alcohol combo made me feel terrible so I stopped taking the pills, then I started smoking again.  Anyway a couple months of cigs. Then I put them down and went to a vape. No smoking cigs, just vape for probably the last year. Well long story short I went on a party trip last weekend and I thought I deserved to smoke real cigs. Hell. It was vacation. Drank myself into oblivion each day/night and smoked 4 packs in 3 days. After that trip I was so hungover and sick I decided I never wanted to do that shit again. 

I’m on day 6, no nicotine of any kind.  Been a rough go. Short fuse, very irritable but I know it will pass.  It will be worth it to finally, finally be nicotine free and not having to use a prescription.  I won’t smoke today.
author: marmaladecoyote
created_utc: 1526183158

---------
Document: 12 
selftext: This is a long post anyone who has used NRT aids at all id appreciate your advice. All the info I find is from the companies that make them and it seems like they want you to use them as long as possible and theyre quite expensive.

Been just under a pack a day going on 10 years with no real attempts to quit. I have switched to some fancy ‘additive free’ roll your own smoke for the last month it attempt to ween myself off. 

Doing the math I was smoking 15 a day with each cigarette being .8g of tobacco. The roll your own pouches are 50g of tobacco and one lasts we two weeks roughly. For the cigarettes it was 15 a day x 14 days = 210 smokes in 2 weeks. 210 x . 8 = 168g of tobacco in two weeks / 14 is 12g of tobacco a day.

For roll your own its 50g / 14 days = 3.5g of tobacco a day. So I am smoking a third of the tobacco I was presently and havent noticed any major negative feelings. I have read you get 1mg of nicotine per cigarette meaning I was getting 15mg a day previously and 4mg a day this last month roughly.

Based on this I bought my NRT aids. I see they are in 3 steps 21mg 14mg and 7mg over 24hr. Smokers over 10 a day do 21mg and under 10 do 14mg. Tapering down to 7mg eventually. So with this in mind I only bought step 3 which is 7mg over 24hr as ive only been smoking the equivalent of 3-4 smokes a day. 

Ideally id cold turkey but its just not something I can deal with now. However I do not want to be on any prolonged NRT. So I bought a pack of 7mg patches and 2mg gums. I feel going on the 14mg over 24hr patch would be increasing my nicotine intake which defeats the point.

 Basically my plan is 1 week of 7mg patches then chew a couple pieces  of 2mg gum a day for 4mg nic a day then down to one piece 2mg a day then no gum. I have experience with addiction and im treating this one with the same quick taper mindset.

So basically im wondering if I am totally naive and uninformed as to how NRT works and my plan. I know its going to take more than just NRT and getting off nicotine to quit for good but I just need help with the nicotine withdrawal aspect.

Either way tomorrow morning I will be putting that first 7mg patch on and hoping I can kick this nasty wasteful habit and get closer to a more healthy life!

Thanks for reading :)
author: Tpglasswhenid
created_utc: 1526685675

---------
Document: 13 
selftext: So I gave my cigarettes to my spouse. The last few quit attempts, I destroyed the pack but he \(non\-smoker\) got pissy with me because they could be given to homeless people. Please don't lecture me; I think that if you're dealing with that much stress, you are allowed some nicotine vices. 

Regardless, those cigarettes were NOT given to anyone. I found them. Is it unreasonable to ask the he dispose of them? Or at least give them away? I'm going crazy knowing where they are. If I end up going through his bag to get them I am going to feel like a crazy person and I'm worried the temptation is too great. 
author: sunra-p
created_utc: 1526512865

---------
Document: 14 
selftext: I was offered a job in a medical group that tests for nicotine. So this pack-a-day smoker went cold turkey. With tons of research, I'm drinking a ton of water, juicing, healthy crap, vitamin c, Apple cider vinegar....just your general detox that I'll probably also use when I quit kratom. 

It's a $20/hr part time job with benefits so I can still do graveyard CNA shifts to get my experience up. My ultimate goal is BSN. But clearly, I gotta get my shit together first. Wish me luck. And luck to all of you as well!
author: DooJoo49
created_utc: 1527386869

---------
Document: 15 
selftext: Hey Redditors,

I just wanted to share this little post, whether it would be to help a fellow quitter or even to inspire someone to start. 

I'll be turning 21 this September, and have been using Nicotine since 2013. I took it in the form of a bong, (popper hits, packing tobacco before the weed). It's a headrush like no other, and calls in with wide arms anybody with an addictive personality. About 5 months I made the choice I wanted to quit, it was consuming my life. My heartrate was out of control, anxiety was through the roof, I despised going out, I couldn't eat. 

I planned a trip with my friends to go to the States at the end of April. I knew I wanted to quit since the start of the year. At the start of April, I told myself the day before I leave, will be the last day I ever touch Nicotine. 

I used to be insanely addicted, taking hits within minutes of waking up, before every meal, family/friend function - probably like most of you reading. What I'm trying to say is I accepted myself quitting before I even tried to quit. I made a plan, and executed it. I knew my mind wouldn't be wandering for ciggs in another country until I was on the flight back, but that gave me a 4 day head start on quitting. 

Today marks Day 13 without any Nicotine in my system. The longest break I've had away from it in the past 5 years was probably 2-3 days. Days 7-9 were probably the hardest. Sweats, bad dreams and headaches. As to how I felt on Nicotine, I'm now breathing better, eating properly, and my anxiety has clearly lessened.

I'm posting this to let you know that each day we wake up, we power through it to the next one. No matter how our body feels, unless we're hit by a car the odds are we're making it back to our bed tonight. Push through and accept your current state, plan a quitting process and execute it. If you're not ready mentally, you will not be physically. I'm literally writing this with fluctuating body temperatures from the withdrawals. The thought alone of how good it will feel to have this out my system has me powering through all urges. 

Resist. Execute. Live.

Day 13 out, I hope to return when I have some months to my name :)
author: Myth6-
created_utc: 1525826473

---------
Document: 16 
selftext: Hello, 
I don't know what to do, so I'm asking for your help.

My mother is about to quit smoking.
She is 57 years old and she smokes since she was like 12.

It is the first time ever that she will give it a try. (she don't have any choices left, since her doctor wont removes the things she has in the throat if she don't quit smooking)
We know that it will be rough, especially because she literally stop travelling when they forbid cigarettes on airplanes, because she wasnt able to pass through a full 5 hours without smoking... Before that, she was going to one destination per year.

So the anxiety level she is experiencing without nicotine must be sky high for her... 

She'll have patches and a spray to provide her some nicotine during the process. But she did use the spray thing to survive her last flight on a plane, and it was a total nightmare. So I really don't know if theses things will be helpful to keep her anxiety at bay at all...

My question is, what can we do as an external person to help her to pass through this withdrawal anxiety issue?
If anyones have tricks or idea to make this whole process easier for her... I'm not sure what I can do, but I would like to help her as much as possible.

Thank you :)

TL;DR: My mother is going to try to quit smoking, I would like to be as helpful as possible to her in that process but don't know exactly how. 

EDIT: 3 weeks today that she hasnt touch a cigaret! Thanks for your advices :) 
I don't know if this info could help others but since she was missing the habit to hold something between her fingers and that she used to carry her little pack of cigaret everywhere, I gave her a little pack with fake cigarets that I made out of paper straw filled with paper. She said it helped her a lot. Every time I go at her home she has one in her hand.
author: Sharkwouale
created_utc: 1525386805

---------
Document: 17 
selftext: Hi Guys,

I decided to quit a couple of weeks ago and yesterday was the day. I used to smoke a pack a day (24-26 in one in germany atm).
Today I have been spending a lot of time cleaning the apartment and doing some research for presentations and papers that are due the next couple of weeks.

My problem is, that I used to "reward" myself with a smoke after completing a task or doing some work for an hour or so and the few minutes after completing a task today were really hard. I was pacing around my flat, not knowing what to do...

How do you fill these little breaks you took throughout the day now that you quit? BTW also watched Allen Carrs Video thing, the reminding myself that I don't need it and I'm killing the nicotine monster wasn't really helping..
author: chooseagoddamnname
created_utc: 1526410279

---------
Document: 18 
selftext: Wish me luck guys. Last night I smoked my last cigarette and my last bowl. My house has been rid of all smoking paraphernalia. Perhaps I’ll meet up with Mary Jane once I’m nice and settled, but this must be the final exit of Lady Nicotine. I’ve had enough. I have quit once before completely cold turkey. I lasted 3 months before I caved in and bought a pack after a shitty drunken night. But I won’t make the same mistakes again. I’m tired of being enslaved to substances. 

EDIT: Christ alive it’s only the first day and I feel like I’m about to crack already
author: JackyBoy0257
created_utc: 1526326982

---------
Document: 19 
selftext: Hey Reddit. Any advice?

I have been smoking cigarettes for 10 years now, mostly a pack a day. It has always been my crutch and companion. Have been doing quit attempts every year. Nothing really seems to work. I'm starting to feel hopeless about quitting.. Somehow, in the back of my mind though I have a feeling I will succeed someday. Just need to find a way..

----- Have read Allen Carr's book 3 times, always get great motivation to quit but cave in after 1-7 days ----- Have switched to swedish snus. It's easy to do and the lungs start healing. But the constant supply of nicotine is so much I find myself being a bit "off" and exhausted all day ----- Cold turkey 3-4 times, lasting for a week ----- Nicotine gum ----- Vaping. It led me to chaining all day, especially with low-nic. 0-nic felt "pointless" to smoke.. ----- Weed, it's okay but can't just smoke all day ----- Practice yoga 3-5 times a week, eat mostly healthy -----

When I don't have a cigarette for a few days I get into this dream-like state where things are surreal. A portion of my day goes to thinking about smoking versus not. In this state I feel like I'm living for nothing, like my days are spent just waiting for them to end. Senses and clarity are heightened though. It's amazing but at the same time exhausting. Need to get out of it....just for a moment.

After some time I cave in. The first hit of nicotine makes me relaxed, content with the whole world. 
It feels like I have been wearing a 40-pound armor for a few days straight, and then get to get it off. Feels like a feather again! I can fly through a day and be friendly to people.
Then after a day or two, smoking a few cigarettes, I get numb again. Just smoking cigarettes to get through the day, no big feelings. Clarity has gone, I want to quit again. 

What could the lesson in this be? Thank you for listening /stopsmoking
author: nikoslacki
created_utc: 1526543603

---------
Document: 20 
selftext: Hello fellow stoppers, I have a question that you guys might be able to answer. I recently stopped smoking, went from smoking around 15 RYO per day to none, and I’m on my fifth day. Yesterday night I went partying with friends, they smoked, I resisted the occasional urges without any problems, so all is good. Shows that you can party hard even if you quit. But today after waking up and going about my day my lungs feel as if I’ve smoked a whole pack yesterday. Might be the hangover, I dunno. Might be the fact that we were in a room where people could smoke (so second-hand), might be the analgesic effect of nicotine wearing off and making me feel the years of bullshit accumulated in my lungs, I really don’t know. Have you guys experienced something like this after quitting?
author: _Stanley-Hudson_
created_utc: 1527431171

---------
Document: 21 
selftext: Hey so I've never posted on Reddit before but I found this sub and just reading through has been immensely helpful. I'm 23 years old and have been smoking since I was 16. I've tried to quit many times before using patches, lozanges, gum and welbutrin (which was awful for me). I began vaping two years ago and thought it was the best thing ever. I was able to cut my smoking down to just when I was really stressed or drinking. However I became even more reliant on nicotine than I was when I was smoking a pack a day. I felt like I needed at least a puff every 15 minutes or I'd go crazy, and I'd basically Chainsmokers the stupid thing whenever I could. Lowering the nictotine level made me just want more hits. Plus whenever the thingwould die or I'd run out of juice and have no way to get more I would just buy a pack and smoke. I decided to try chantix and I'm now ten days in on the medication and 3 with zero nictotine (haven't gone a day without it in atleast 4 years). The first few days were okay but today is just awful. I'm in the last few weeks of my undergraduate degree and I can't concentrate or focus on anything. My mind keeps telling me to take Adderall to get my work done but I know that would make it uncontrollable to smoke, and I worry about the interaction with chantix, which has been giving me lots of anxiety and depression, although that could just be art of the withdrawal. Does anyone have any tips that arnt just binge eating food and watching crappy tv and locking myself inside. I have no energy to excercise or really do anything, and my brain is going a 100 miles an hour inside my skull and all I want is for the fucking withdrawal to end and it's only been 3 days!!! I can feel my brain just screaming out for nicotine. Any tips or just kind words would be appreciated. I've quit other subtances before but this is a completely different animal. 
author: truehaynes
created_utc: 1525302859

---------
Document: 22 
selftext: I know this is a newb question, but I need that kick up the ass to stick to vaping. I smoke about 5 packs a week. About 8 packs if I was drinking (quit drinking for good because of gallbladder removal). 

I'm getting 20 mg nicotine salts tomorrow because even 12mg has had a huge impact on cravings. I had four cigarettes today because walking around the town for hours and taking photos is how I keep active. I'm easily clocking 8 miles a day so I've always justified the smoking with cognitive dissonance by saying at least I was getting exercise. If I didn't have enough money for smokes I wouldn't even bother walking around that much tbh... 

I want kids and a long life. I look young for my age right now and don't have any wrinkles + my parents have aged well. I put sun factor 50 screen on everyday and moisturise every night but still smoke?? I already have asthma and have gotten pneumonia three times in the past 2 years. 

Is 8 years too much damage to bounce back from? 
author: hairychilds
created_utc: 1527125593

---------
Document: 23 
selftext: This is a personal reminder, but also a way to participate on this reddit which I sometimes read in the past whenever I wanted to quit. 

I'm 26, my first cig was when I was 12, my grand-parents and parents are all smokers, including most uncles and aunts. I was smoking nearly a pack a day (about 15-20 a day, sometimes more if I drank alcohol). I'm also asthmatic.

The longest I quit was 1 month, but then I went to see my family (I've been living a little far away from them now) and when I saw everyone smoking in the house, smelling cigarettes, seeing cigarettes everywhere, I could not resist, I had a weakness. I told myself "just one or two...". Then "just while i'm staying here" and then it was too late, I went back to smoking nearly a pack a day. 

Reaons for quiting again : caughing muccus every morning which makes me gag and want to vomit everytime. Being out of breath with the smallest exercices, i'm going to travel 2 weeks and doing alot of hiking and I want to be in better shape for it, I'm going on a date with a very smart, nice and beautiful girl who is also very healthy and I want to do activities with her, and I do not want to be a slave to nicotine anymore.

It's 1 A.M at my place right now, i'm working at 8:30 A.M and I can't sleep, i'm craving for a cigarette. But i'm going to stay strong. 

author: SwordmanGuts
created_utc: 1526443771

---------
Document: 24 
selftext: 10 year smoker here, I quit again 4 days ago and it's never gone this well before. For the first time in my life, I'm certain I can do this. I've tried to quit in a serious way 4 times, but in the back of my mind I always knew I hadn't smoked my last cigarette. No matter how much I hated my habit. The thing I loathe the most about smoking is waking up to my stinky cigarette hand next to my face on my pillow after a long night of drinking. Absolutely the most disgusting thing on this planet. Drinking has always been my downfall with cigarettes. I lose all sense of willpower, and wake up with a horrible nicotine hangover every time. 

&amp;nbsp;

I tried to quit cold turkey and lasted about a month and before I began sneaking cigs on my nights out. I tried the patch because I heard it would put so much nicotine in my system that smoking would make me sick. It just gave me panic attacks and heart palpitations. I tried gum. I hated the spicy burn it had, and I often still wanted a cigarette an hour later when the gum buzz wore off. I tried vaping and it was expensive, leaky, dorky looking, a pain in the ass to keep charged, and just didn't give me that back of the throat hit I craved. Often I would find myself more addicted to nicotine than with my usual smoking habit, and went back to my American spirits with a furious apatite, smoking twice what I used to for a month or so.

&amp;nbsp;

The thing that finally changed for me, and it feels like cheating, is I found something I like even more than cigarettes. Something even more addictive and satisfying, and it scares me a little. I got a Juul.

&amp;nbsp;

It hits the back of my throat and my brain in a way no other vape ever has. In a way only that first smoke of the day can. Two hits and I'm swimming in an instant delicious nicotine head rush. It charges so fast (under an hour), doesn't have a bunch of parts to maintain, and warns me when it's running low on battery so it doesn't crap out on me at the bar. The battery lasts exactly as long as one pod so it takes the most minimal effort to keep it running. It hits perfectly every time and tastes amazing. I can use it almost anywhere because it is so small and discrete and the smell doesn't hang in the air. I don't feel self conscious using it in public. And it might be cheaper than my smoking habit, though we'll see. I'm obsessed with this thing. But I also feel like it has me hooked on nicotine on a whole new level. And I'm a little scared. 

&amp;nbsp;

It only took me 3 days to go through a pod, and one pod is supposed to be equivalent to a whole pack of cigarettes. I was rarely more than a pack a week smoker, unless I was having a serious party weekend, and most of those were bummed out to friends. I find myself wanting to hit it all the time. But I haven't wanted a cigarette even once. Not last night when I was drinking red wine with a bunch of my smoker roommates on the porch. Not this morning with my cup of coffee. Not after the big greasy burger I had for lunch. Not during my long drive home from work. Not while I was doing my homework on a heavy dose of Adderall. Not when I was feeling kinda gassy crampy and constipated and needed a little help taking a nice big shit. My Juul has me covered. 

&amp;nbsp;

I love it. I love it so much it worries me. They don't make lower concentration pods, and they definitely don't make nicotine free pods. Their juice contains nicotine salts instead of freebase nicotine like most e liquids, and this shit is like crack. Whoever created Juul knows what they are doing. I am subscribed to their monthly delivery of pods and completely beholden to them. But at least I'm not smoking. So long as I have this thing in my pocket, I know I won't ever smoke another cigarette again. I've never felt this certain I was done in my life. I guess I should be happy, but moving on to what feels like a much stronger addiction was not what I had in mind...

&amp;nbsp;

TLDR: I got a Juul and finally found something I like more than cigarettes. Too bad it is it's crazy addictive and I've tripled my nicotine intake.
author: nomorehoney
created_utc: 1527369504

---------
Document: 25 
selftext: First off I’m 22 years old, I’ve smoked since about 15. The only time I’ve been able to stop smoking is when I was in prison twice. After my last stint of six months, I didn’t have the urge, it was more out of habit that I asked the escort driving me back to get me a pack with my money I got from prison since they had my age and stuff. Ever since then which was a year ago, I’ve been smoking and haven’t been able to quit.   I’m a student at job corps and I told myself as my New Years resolution I would quit, and that didn’t happen. I hate it. I’m almost out of here and I want to be DONE with the orange booty cancer sucks for good so I can focus on my career in rap without bad breathing issues and whatnot plus no stink. I’ve tried nicotine patches and they don’t help. Please Reddit, I’m like begging for your help.
author: ThaKarot
created_utc: 1527774136

---------
Document: 26 
selftext: I'm 22.  Figure now's the right time to stop. Started a few years ago casually. As a 'social smoker'. Eventually started buying my own packs, smoking alone and at this point I suck down 4 to 6 a day.  Sometimes to deal with stress, sometimes from habit, sometimes just cause I'm already outside so may as well.  I've definitely consistently owned a pack of cigs for a year now.  
I tried cold turkey a few months back and couldn't do it.  I went through two rough days and a sweaty, shivering, sleepless night but I cracked at the end of day two.    

I'm trying something new this time.  I got a cheap vape and medium level nicotine juice.  Gonna work that for a week and switch to lower nicotine.  After that I'll switch to zero-nicotine juice and just hit the thing for taste--I figure that might make it easier.  

I gotta do this now.  I've just finished college and got a few weeks before I start work and being a 'real adult'. I'm young but I've already felt the side effects...being winded after a flight of stairs, feeling short of breath etc.  I've got some low-stress weeks coming up so there's no better time on the horizon.  I got my vape to keep it easy and have been careful not to hit it like crazy and I got a plan to cut down.  
Back when I first started smoking the lie I told myself was that it was fine cause I was young.  Just being a dumb kid.  Well, here I am about to enter the real world so it's now or never.  I'm done.  I'm done denying that I'm somehow not addicted.  I'm done caving to the pressure. I'm done lying to myself I could quit any time. 

I've been off cigs for two days now, using my vape to curb the cravings when I start going nuts.  It's been bad at times but no where near as bad as cold turkey.  I got this. Small steps.  

Thanks for reading if you've read this far. Just figured I'd share.  I got friends supporting me but none of them smoke so it's not the same.  If anyone's got tips on how not to get hooked on the vape I wouldn't mind hearing those either I guess.  
author: NonprofessionaReader
created_utc: 1525906718

---------
Document: 27 
selftext: I started smoking at 12 or 13, and by 16, I was smoking a pack a day. I continued smoking into my 30’s. I just turned 34 and am about to celebrate my first year of being cigarette free in over 20 years. I have done this by using a vape, so I am still using nicotine. I am personally OK with that. 

For me, vaping was the only method of quitting that worked. I tried prescription medication, patches, gum, and cold turkey. I know it’s not for everyone, but it does work for a lot of people.

My reason for this post was that I’m curious as to how others few vaping as a smoking cessation tool. Is it viewed as another tool in the arsenal or as cheating aka replacing the addiction with another?
author: Jimi-Thang
created_utc: 1527531096

---------
Document: 28 
selftext: Hi friends,

I'm not a regular here, though I have browsed this sub in the past, and I consider you my people, and you all have my respect and compassion. I quit smoking cold turkey 4 years ago today. I quit right before my 27th birthday, after smoking about half a pack a day for 10 years. I loved and hated smoking. I'd tried to quit using nicotine gum a few times but always backslid. When I finally did it, I had the advantage of moving across the country and away from my old habits and triggers. That helped immensely. 

Quitting has made my life so much better. I'm no longer shackled to an addiction. Once my mom asked what the hardest part was and I said "the first six months." There was a time when I felt I would always have this addiction haunting me and that I'd never be able to quit. I can't believe it's been four years. 

This may be the hardest thing you'll ever do, but it is SO worth it. If you can white\-knuckle your way through those first few days, weeks and months, you'll be rewarded with a sense of smell \(!!\) and a sense of freedom you can only imagine now. If you fall off the wagon, get back on! Good luck everyone! Feel free to message me if you want to talk.
author: eastward1526
created_utc: 1526497145

---------
Document: 29 
selftext: This is the first time I've posted here. I don't really know what to write as I've tried and failed over the last 3 years so many times. Where do I start???

Some background is that I quit smoking around 13 years ago for 10 YEARS. How did I start again? Well all it took was a week away on holiday, few few drinks to be social every night, then the odd cigarette just with a beer, turned into buying a pack to smoke the next day. I WAS HOOKED AGAIN.

I quickly switched to an E-cig, thinking I'll be able to get off these easily. But little did I know it has been far harder that coming off normal cigarettes. 

For the last 3 I've  been going between using patches and  E-cigs. I have had a month smoke free at best, but I always fail.

The trouble is that I can always just think it's just one wee E-cig to get my through that hour. I can smoke and my wife won't find out, I seek away too the shops and smoke and there is no smell. But I'm still totally hooked on nicotine and get the relief from a craving.

I seem to get so depressed after about 2 weeks and smoke again. It causes a lot a trouble with my wife as the see's that I'm never getting of the patches. I always causes arguments when she asks how it is going. 

I'm 4 days now smoke free. I'm finding this the hardest 4 days trying to quit. Maybe because I know this is my last chance to quit before I start a new job with lower wages, so I don't want to waste money on my nicotine addiction. 

Sorry for the long post 


author: Polarhippoultra
created_utc: 1527419755

---------
Document: 30 
selftext: I'm looking for some advice on how most of you guys quit, I've decided in the past week to quit smoking.

I started smoking heavily at about 17, I'm currently 24 and was smoking anywhere from half to a full pack of Marlboro Red 100s a day and I am sick of it.

I work in sales so I can't imagine going cold turkey without losing my shit on a client and getting fired.

So far I'm down to 3 smokes a day and it has been managable so far and I'm planning on going to one per day then just being done completely but my question is how do you guys deal with the anger? 

Anytime I have a bad sales call my go to was running outside to have a smoke and calm down so now I need something to help me control my anger once I decide to be 100% done. 

I'm not interested in any nicotine substitutes I'm just going to be done completely in the next week or so.
If anyone has good tips on dealing with high stress and staying calm I'd love to hear it!


author: RealDrGreen
created_utc: 1525139566

---------
Document: 31 
selftext: Hey there, I’ve been on here for a while off and on but I’ve never posted, always just read for motivation. I’ve tried to stop smoking many times before and always picked one more up again a few days later, it’s an endless cycle that I’m ready to end. I’m serious this time. Any advice or tips would be greatly appreciated. I just smoked the last one in my only pack about 45 minutes ago. I have many reasons to quit listed on my notes portion of my phone and I’ve downloaded the smoke free app(again). I smoke roughly 7-8 cigarettes per day and when I’m at work i only smoke during lunch,  the rest is all at home. In the past I’ve tried Chantix, patches, gum and lozenges. The longest I’ve gone without any nicotine in the past is 3 months. I’ve skimmed though Alan Carr’s easy way to quit in the past and I plan to ACTUALLY read it now. Anyways that’s a little bit of my story and I hope this community can help me achieve my goal. 
author: jgapp17
created_utc: 1526848215

---------
Document: 32 
selftext: been smoking for 7 years. tried many times to quit before with varying success. a few times cold turkey, a few times with the patch, but I’ve never tried the gum. so far it’s working great and while occasionally the desire to smoke a cigarette is still there, it isn’t very strong. the gum at least stops me from having that complete freak out feeling that always makes me buy another pack when I try to quit. 

does anyone here have any success stories while using the gum? I’m worried because I don’t want to be addicted to nicotine at all. I’ve read stories of people who just keep chewing the gum for years and years. I want to be free from nicotine completely, especially since I’ve read a good amount of the Allen Carr book and I get it. I’m sure I’ll finish it one day soon and maybe that will help kick the gum, but much like the patch I know you’re supposed to finish the “cycle” completely for it to “work”. 

so I’m worried that if I cheat and try to stop early it won’t be effective and I’ll start smoking again. but I also don’t want to be chewing gum for like 4 months or for the rest of my life. even some days when I don’t feel I need a piece, I still try to reach that recommended daily amount of pieces used. 

either way it feels great to be almost a whole week without smoking a single cigarette. my body is already thanking me. my wallet is definitely thanking me. all I have to do is commit to never smoking a single cigarette again and I’ve got this! 
author: AlexTJA
created_utc: 1525788559

---------
Document: 33 
selftext: I am doing better psychologically (thanks again for everyone’s helpful comments on my Day 2 meltdown), even though I am way worse physically. Horrible exhaustion with insomnia, brain fog, mood swings. When I’m about to snap at my SO for no reason I leave the room instead. Time drags on and on, and I feel very ADD. 

But - I’m feeling more confident and happy about my decision to quit. I bought nicotine lozenges and have been using 2 a day. Telling myself that it is better to use NRT than cave in and go buy a pack. I know cold turkey is associated with better success rates, but in my case, I think I need to work on the psychological withdrawal before 100% dealing with the physical. 

I started an online certification course in non-profit management and, once the brain fog lifts in a few days, will make that my month’s goal (so I can associate my first month of quitting with something positive and still being able to work). Was also able to get off my butt and cook a healthy dinner tonight. 

It’s so weird that even though I’m using teeny bits of NRT the withdrawal is still very, very strong... 
author: weedlekins
created_utc: 1525830737

---------
Document: 34 
selftext: Hey everyone, first time posting here. I've been a smoker for 4 years, cycling between a pack a day, to vaping 24/7, to nicotine gum, to nicotine inhalers, and to patches. I've also tried a variety of supplement combos. I've always tried to go at it alone, with no support. I'm 21 and living at home as a full time student. Both my mom and brother are heavy smokers, so I cannot ask for support from them. None of my friends are addicted (social smokers).

 I don't know where to go. If you guys can share with me what has worked for you, I'd really appreciate it. My mind is playing tricks on me and I need to know that I'm not alone...
author: rdf1213
created_utc: 1526675599

---------
Document: 35 
selftext: I quit smoking yesterday and had insomnia last night. I also took chantix which may have caused it.

Anyways, I've read that quitting nicotine will cause your body to process caffeine slower and read that I should cut my caffeine consumption in half.

The problem I've had in the past with tapering down on caffeine is that I would get really depressed by tapering too quickly. If I go from drinking two cups of coffee per day to one cup of coffee per day then will I get caffeine withdrawal from this? Or will the higher caffeine levels in my body (from quitting nicotine) cancel this out?

I don't really want to be withdrawing from caffeine and nicotine at the same time but I do need to not have insomnia at night.
author: hunter2ismypass
created_utc: 1525611731

---------
Document: 36 
selftext: Hi there. 31/yo pack plus a few a day smoker for 10(ish) years. 

I'm going to have gastric bypass surgery and needed to quit smoking. I bought a vape and a bottle of 12mg nic. But that was too strong. So i bought a bottle of 3mg nic... and that wasnt enough. Ive been mixing. 

The plan is to ween off of nicotine for awhile... and then ween off the vape. 

I'm surprised at how well ive been doing. The vape has been a godsend. I work in a bar 6 nights a week... and cigarettes are EVERYWHERE. i haven't caved. And only had an emotional breakdown once. 

However... everyone keeps scaring me saying that vaping is way more dangerous than cigarettes. Popcorn lung... pneumonia... etc. Etc. Ive looked it up on the google machine... and i cant find sources to tell me if im worse off vaping than smoking. 

I see that many people in this sub use(d) vapes... did any of you get horrible lung issues? Or pneumonia? 

Glad i found this sub! Thanks in advance!
author: Silentbutdeadly17
created_utc: 1526785742

---------
Document: 37 
selftext: I'm on day five of quitting, and still going strong. My doctor originally prescribed me some nicotine patches to help me with cravings. Since I had been smoking about 2 packs or more a day he put me on the highest dosage of 21  mgs. First day was fine, but then I noticed the past several days my heart beat would be racing a million beats every night and I always felt winded. Then I started getting these really awful pains that would come in spasms starting in the left side of my back, to the frnt of the left chest. Sometime feeling like they were just within my chest, rather than front or back. They were very similar to the cardiovascular related pains I've felt with other drugs. I'm hoping at least it is that, and not lung cancer developing right when I am ready to kick the habit. Though it would be darkly humorous. 

Has anyone experienced these symptoms with patches? Should I try cutting them in half and only wearing a smaller strip of them? Or even 1/4th of one? 

I'm actually typing this now to fight a craving, but it's passed now so I'm good. But I'm just hoping I don't have cancer or something. 
author: atclubsilencio
created_utc: 1525602140

---------
Document: 38 
selftext: I made it one whole week 15 minutes ago. I have been taking chantix non-regularly but I haven’t vaped or dipped or snuck a puff from anyone. Every day I drive home and think about buying a pack, or just bumming one from a smoking friend. But I haven’t... I haven’t taken in any nicotine in a whole week but it’s not getting easier. I’ve got this! Thanks for your help /r/stopsmoking!
author: freekingrobby
created_utc: 1526859801

---------
Document: 39 
selftext: First of all let me say I vape, so I still have nicotine addiction. But! It’s been almost 2 months since my last cigarettes and I notice great improvements (I smoked 1 pack a day):
- I cough maybe five times a day instead of twice a minute
- When I do sports (I play tennis) I last much much longer before being tired
- my teeth look healthier
- I don’t know if this is just my imagination but I don’t lose hair anymore. My hair look thicker
- Smell and taste improved a bit (I guess not as much as cold-turkey quitters but it’s noticeable, especially smells)
- I don’t reek, my clothes smell clean
- I have more energy overall!

After 90 days without cigarettes I will try to remove nicotine from my e-liquids.

I often read this subreddit, thanks for your inspiring stories. And good luck to anyone struggling with cigarettes, you can do it!
author: info-gatherer
created_utc: 1527722762

---------
Document: 40 
selftext: I was doing NRT (lozenges) to quit.  I *did* quit, with patches, for 7 years a while back.  But I slip often.  I have a lozenge, spit it out, smoke, then pop a lozenge again.  It's been happening more and more often, and it's only making life worse.  Now, I get anxious unless I have a steady supply of nicotine, all day.  I'm just on the edge of being a chain-smoker on the weekends.  I've kinda dug myself deeper into the nicotine-addiction hole while trying to claw out of it.  So..  I'm done.

I have a stack of Allen Carr books.  I've read them.  I'm on EasyWay ths morning.  You can't get off heroin by shooting more heroin.  Nicotine?  It's been real.  Alcohol?  Ciao.  I'm done, today.
author: [deleted]
created_utc: 1526642583

---------
Document: 41 
selftext: Hey All,


Longtime lurker, first time poster. I want to start by saying that the comments in this community have been helpful to me in the past. Thank you for that. 


So I've been a pack-a-day smoker for ten years. Over the past year, I've tried to quit and failed I don't know how many times. Vaping seems to work for me. I can get to the month point using 3mg nicotine cartridges. For whatever reason, though, my mindset just totally goes to shit once I get there. I've had anxiety and depression all my life, and I know that cigarettes make that worse, but after a month smoke free, I turn into a totally different person.


It stops being, "you're going to die and you're a terrible person" and it starts being, "everyone and everything else is the reason that you are so miserable." I turn into a huge fucking prick, basically, and the negativity just becomes all consuming. So I broke after three weeks this time; I started smoking again four days ago just to see if that's what it was and I'm finally feeling somewhat normal.


I desperately want to quit and be a healthy, happy person, but if it means I'm going to fuck my life up in other ways, I'm not sure that it's worth it. I don't want to lose my fiance, for example, because I've convinced myself (erroneously) that she's the cause of all my problems. 


Does anyone here have experience dealing with this kind of thing?

Thanks in advance for your replies. 
author: Idi-ot
created_utc: 1526455007

---------
Document: 42 
selftext: I quit a 5 year nicotine habit, i was chewing gums about 20mg in nicotine a day for the past month and on my way to work 2 days ago threw them all in the bin. is it normal not being able to sleep? Everything else like headaches and cravings i expected. But not being able to sleep seems weird as nicotine is a stimulant so i would think having none of it would make sleep easier and not harder.
author: BUBZ4LYF
created_utc: 1525907245

---------
Document: 43 
selftext: TLDR at bottom 

Yeah, my body is addicted to nicotine. I stopped smoking about 6 months ago, and took up vaping instead. The plan was to keep reducing the nicotine until it was at 0, then stop altogether. 

I've almost reduced the nic to 0, im at 2 right now. It doesn't even feel like I'm craving the nicotine. There will be times when I'm stressed and I sit there and vape and vape and vape until I'm sick from nicotine. Even after I'm nic-sick, I have the urge to keep vaping. I don't want nicotine and the thought of it makes me sick in these times, yet I still have a horrible urge to vape or smoke. 


Does anyone else relate? I feel like that's the only thing holding me back from quitting vaping. 

TLDR: even when I'm sick from nicotine I still feel the need to vape , even when the thought of nic makes me sick. Anyone else relate? It's the only thing holding me back. 
author: NumptyButthead
created_utc: 1525550003

---------
Document: 44 
selftext: Tore my ACL last week, got confirmed today it's a torn ACL.  I'll need surgery.  It's been almost a month w no cigs but until I hurt myself I was using nicotine gum like I've been doing for all my other quitting attempts.  I read that nicotine in cigs slows healing of ligament tears, and while the studies are unclear about the gum, I can't see why the mechanism would be any different.  So I've quit using that too the day after I hurt myself, and I am in MEGA BITCH mode right now.   I can't start smoking again bc I want to ski next season so I need to be on the 6 month end of the 6-9 month healing window, and can't afford the slowing effects of nicotine.  Also cancer etc.


No real point to this other than to vent.  I'm very frustrated and want to smoke so bad.  I'll get through it but AARGH 
author: paxweasley
created_utc: 1526317395

---------
Document: 45 
selftext: Anyone else do this from time to time.  I've kind of made it a bad habit.  25 days in and I've looked 3 times and been successful once in finding one.  I allow myself to do this but not to ask to bum a cigarrette off of someone.
author: [deleted]
created_utc: 1525318142

---------
Document: 46 
selftext: I've been a cigarrette smoker for 15 years, and I feel the need to just stop it, but everytime I try, I fail miserably.
This is affecting my skin, teeth, and overall health. I have two beautiful daughters and I want to be the healthiest mother I can. Please help! 
author: Drivilhena
created_utc: 1526515622

---------
Document: 47 
selftext: Day 20. 

Woke up without a headache today which is a huge relief. But just knowing that another one could pop up at any moment gives me extreme anxiety.  Going to try some magnesium today and see if that helps, also going to try some cold compresses to help with the pain. 

Honestly since quitting, I feel like a crazy person. I’m not an angry person whatsoever but I find myself being short with people that are close to me and I feel myself getting annoyed and angry over little tiny things. 

So far I’ve been able to push those thoughts of having just one cigarette to the back of my
Mind. IT DOES GET EASIER... I think! 

Also have been super emotional while quitting nicotine. Weaned myself off with the gum for the first 10 days and then quit altogether after that. The first couple of days without nicotine I found myself crying multiple times a day and just feeling lost and lonesome. Hoping that goes away soon. 


author: 241533Tjb
created_utc: 1526831786

---------
Document: 48 
selftext: So, I've been down to a single cigarette per day for a long time now.  It's always a struggle to keep it to that one, but I generally manage unless there is alcohol involved.  I just don't know how to get rid of that last cigarette!

Sometimes I can even go a week without a cigarette, but eventually the cravings catch up with me and I wind up buying a pack.

Sometimes I feel like I'm going to constantly be fighting with this.  Will there always be cravings?  I don't even think it's just nicotine.  I actually enjoy the act of smoking.

Honestly, I'm posting because I'm not sure what to do at this point and am very frustrated.
author: Vorticity
created_utc: 1527205320

---------
Document: 49 
selftext: (Sorry in advance for the rambling and any formatting issues. I'm finding that writing this stuff down helps me figure out ways to help myself, and if I'm honest, internet stranger support is pretty swell too.)

I've haven't had a cigarette for 6 days, though I've had two puffs of my boyfriend's 3 days ago. The vape is the only reason I haven't gone and bought a pack. I started at 6mg for the nicotine, and it has been the perfect amount to shut my brain up when I get cravings. It also helps with the hand to mouth feeling that is a major part of my addiction, so on my break I go out to vape because I don't know what to do on breaks besides smoke. 

Today I forgot it and was so upset and didn't know what I was going to do on my break, or how grumpy I was going to be, but I told myself I wasn't going to bum one. I even told the other smokers as soon as I realized to not give me one if I asked. 

First half of my break I went to the Tim Hortons near my work and then to the bathroom, and didn't get any major cravings. So that was good. Second half of my break I went and stood outside for a bit, and took another bathroom break to avoid being too bored (which triggers cravings real bad for me), and I made it through that without major anger. It helped that my coworkers are amazingly supportive, and even some customers who heard I was quitting were super supportive.

The biggest test for me was busing home. Having nothing else to do makes me crave a smoke something awful, so waiting for the bus and walking places is when a lot of my smoking would happen. I discovered that listening to music with a really heavy bassline to it helps, because the tapping of my foot gave me something to focus on.

I'm so pleased with myself, I managed to go without nicotine for a long ass time by my standards, and I didn't immediately run for my vape when I got home!

I honestly didn't think I'd be able to make it this far, yet here I am. If I can do it, anyone can!
author: CityFae
created_utc: 1526085618

---------
Document: 50 
selftext: Longest I have been without nicotine in 24 years. Tried every method known to man several times over. This time I told myself that all I needed was 2 days. 2 days without nicotine and it was too far to turn back. So yes the rest of the time sucked. Day 14-40 were dark dark days but I knew I would not take 1 puff no matter what.

The key differences this time was that I took Chantix, started exercising, and really made up my mind. Chantix for 15 days then quit. After 2 days of quitting I stopped taking Chantix and hugged the suck.

I know there will be bad days but the worst is over and its nice having more control of my life again. Smoking is not a winning strategy. 
author: HIkerWrapped
created_utc: 1525919806

---------
Document: 51 
selftext: I'm on day three. I have tried quitting multiple times over the past year or so, never making it more than a week. I'm hoping this time sticks. Work is extremely stressful right now and things at home aren't great either, making it hard to keep myself from using nicotine. Had a bit of a break down yesterday, but met up with a friend to vent about things rather than lighting up. I have to say too, it's amazing how much nicotine was jacking up my resting heart rate. I used to be at 75-80 just watching TV, I'm sitting at 55 now. My biggest challenge is dealing with my stress, anger, and depression that all start spiraling out of control everytime I try to quit. 
author: itchybitsyjockstrap
created_utc: 1527785361

---------
Document: 52 
selftext: So I quit smoking cold turkey almost 2 months ago. Although I am not craving the nicotine anymore I am craving the action of smoking. This is obviously not a physical thing but more mental. And I am now eating more to replace my habit. Is there a non nicotine alternative like an e -cig of some sort that I can just puff on but doesn’t have all the yucky stuff in it? If you know of something please tell me the name. Thank you
author: jteach1
created_utc: 1526991553

---------
Document: 53 
selftext: Week one sucked.... but since day 10, I've had only the odd crave.... and they were entirely manageable. It totally has not been as dramatic, or as difficult as I feared. So why have I failed so often before? And why is THIS quit kicking nicotine's ass so easily? I'm genuinely confused. I suspect Allen Carr had a lot to do with it. 

Because I thought it would be so hard, I stalled. I thought
* No way. I can't do this
* I will be missing something
* I will eventually fail

Let me be clear. *I was 100% sure I would fail*! But it turns out I was wrong. The nicotine monster is like Freddy Kruger..... fear and nicotine make him stronger. You don't think about him, he goes away. You don't feed him, he dies. He can't fight you AT ALL if you don't smoke. It's an incredible weakness he has.... so you can kill him.
author: unwashed_masses
created_utc: 1525714541

---------
Document: 54 
selftext: First of all, I want to say thank you to the people who took some of their time to encourage me, even if it were just a few words. Also, good job for the words of encouragement you also give to other people!

I wanted to share some thoughts I had, if it can help anyone or have some positive effect, then mission accomplished!

-First : I quit cold turkey and had no date or time planned. I did that in the past and always failed except for once for 1 month, then I fked up and smoke again. What's different this time? After the 3rd day, i'm not craving a cig anymore, i'm not fighting an impulse, not having a debate between two voices in my head (one saying smoke and the other saying quit).

-2 : I think i'm not craving anymore because I had a big realisation : most of the cigarettes I smoked were not only not enjoyed, but I smoked them out of habit. These last few months I really started to hate smoking, everything about it. When I bought my last pack, I enjoyed my first cigarette because I tried and fail to quit. But I swear to god, the 24 cigarettes after were out of habit and not in relation to a craving or even a strong desire to smoke : the first cig of the morning, the cig after eating, the ones on my breaks at the job, the one after the job and during the ride back to my place, and the one before going to bed. After I realised this, I felt even more disgust with smoking and my weaknesses.

-3 : after the 2nd day, no more cravings because I changed my mindset. I'm not sacrificing something when I stop smoking. Because I realised that I mainly smoked out of habit, it did not feel so hard to resist that few seconds of wanting nicotine. It's the opposite : I'm making sacrifices WHEN I'M SMOKING. Sacrificing my health, my money, my time, my freedom, my attractiveness. 

I hope these things were at least interesting to read for some of you. Stay strong everyone, we can do it!
author: SwordmanGuts
created_utc: 1526618095

---------
Document: 55 
selftext: I'm getting pretty good at this quitting thing.  If only someone was hiring a quit smoker with many years of experience.  My partner and I both quit together and are using the nicotine patch. We dropped down to step 2 a little early but this seems to be just fine with us this week. No whammies!
author: Denver-Dawg
created_utc: 1525476243

---------
Document: 56 
selftext: To be honest, it didn't take much \- I checked into my hotel and I was not expecting the room to have a balcony, and on the table outside sat an empty ashtray. I immediately ruminated on whether or not I was going to buy a pack...break my 87 days nicotine free... because of a silly ashtray on a  balcony \- like it was my own personal invitation! 

Im telling myself over and over that I don't actually want this, it's only what I have been so use to when travelling  to pass the time, that there are so many other productive things I could do instead of this. I went to the shops &amp; bought some food and water. I did not give in to the temptation and buy a packet. 

I will not smoke with you tonight. 
author: ShesSimplyThere
created_utc: 1527064259

---------
Document: 57 
selftext: Hi,

I already, today for the third time, have thrown away everything like tobacco, the machine and the filters and gifted the lighters to my fathers workers.

The last days I have got this back from trash. Now I do not want to act like that anymore so I let it out there in the yard. It will be picked up in the next two weeks. So I just need to stay away from that.

The thing is, it is so easy to relapse. It is always the same thought get out and get it back. I still got more than half a pack of nicotine gum. So I will use it more often I guess.

Need to stay strong on that one!
author: ClaradStyler
created_utc: 1527322201

---------
Document: 58 
selftext: Today I reallly felt it. Kind of a shitty morning. Didn't sleep very well, woke up annoyed. Girlfriend gave me my space and was probably (ok, definitely) glad my grumpy ass left for work. Speaking of work, I'm super bored. Not much to do today. And I'm exhausted.

This was the first time in 12 days I really missed smoking. The thought of going down the street from my office to the little corner store for a pack crossed my mind. Nothing too serious, but that little tug was there. It didn't go away right away either. Old me would have wanted nothing more than to go home early, pour a bourbon neat, and sit on the patio with a fresh pack of Marlboro ultra lights and decompress.

But I'm not. I recognize what's happening. I'm a little bit vulnerable and the parts of my mind which loved that nicotine are looking for that fix. I think they're catching on to the fact it's been a while, and will be forever. 

So... I'm not going to smoke today. I'm not going to bum one off a co-worker or buy a pack just to have one or two. I'm not going to go home and be all grumpy with my girlfriend. I'll tell her what's up and she'll say, "Okay, I'll leave you alone. Let me know when you're feeling better." I'm not going to be annoyed by little things. Most importantly, I'm not going to light up. This, too, shall pass.

I am, however, going to have that bourbon neat when I get home.  :)
author: erebus843
created_utc: 1527714881

---------
Document: 59 
selftext: I've been trying to quit for a few months with very little success. The best I've gone was 5 days. This stint has been about 2 days, including today. Here's the problem. I just been been called into an interview for a job that tests for nicotine. Its a hospital job, didn't think I'd get a call back but now here I am. How do I get nicotine out of my system quickly? I have maybe 2 or 3 weeks to accomplish this. 

Tbh I only really smoke where I'm currently working. It's a retail job where it's very easy for me to break down and buy them. If I get out of where I work now I know I can quit for good.  Even though I'm jonesing right now hopes are high. 

Also any advice on getting through a stressful work day without smoking will be welcomed
author: ResolCipe
created_utc: 1525470561

---------
Document: 60 
selftext: I have been trying to quit for so long.

 Seriously,like a year. I am not making any progress, and I have panic attacks when I smoke. 


Tomorrow I see my doctor, getting nicotine

 gum. I also have located a vape to buy on friday (cool points took a hit). 


It doesn't devalue the quit if you use tools, I don't have to quit cold turkey inorder for it to count. 


I have to quit, for the sake of my sanity and health. 

author: kittencatmeows1
created_utc: 1525253454

---------
Document: 61 
selftext: I quit for a full year in 2014, but with an e-cig. 

In 2016 I quit for a solid 6 months, cold turkey. It was great. How did I start up again? Gradually, bumming off coworkers, then bumming so much I graduated to buying them packs....then that spilled into buying packs again. Within a week I am back to a pack a day. 

Have a great Christmas this year and started 2018 with no cigs. Lasted a month, and within 2 days of smoking again, I am back at a pack a day. 

Now my intake has increased even more, I'm smoking more than ever, I can feel it destroying my lungs. I want to quit so bad yet, at the same time, feel I have the lowest motivation to quit. I don't want to go through it again. I know all about it, after about the 10th day of cold turkey things really start improving. But then at some point I inevitably fall back into it. It seems hopeless and worthless. I am disgusted by them and love them at the same time. I want to quit and be done with them forever yet still want to be a smoker. 

I am stuck. 

Edit: started at 18, it has been 8 years of smoking. I can't believe I have been a smoker my entire adult life. I don't want to wake up at 30 and still be smoking. Hell I don't want to hit the 10 year mark. Sometimes I feel the damage has already been done so why quit anyway. 
author: WastingMyTime2013
created_utc: 1525368497

---------
Document: 62 
selftext: I’m only one and a half day in an and as the clock is approaching five o’clock I’m not quite sure I’ll make it. My brain keeps telling me.. “only one more pack and then I’ll quit” .. “buy a pack and ration it out over the week”. 

Here’s to hoping I’ll be stronger than the addiction, at least for today...
author: bubbadoonya
created_utc: 1527626208

---------
Document: 63 
selftext: After smoking for 6 years I’ve made it nicotine free for 2 months. I found that telling friends/co-workers that you’re quitting adds motivation to the subject. On my first quit day I told the girl I was dating about my cold turkey. She said “ha! We’ll see how long that lasts” she was the only one who doubted me. I can safely say I don’t see her anymore. Motivate your friends and family that are trying to quit, don’t bring them down. 
author: Lakester14
created_utc: 1526937797

---------
Document: 64 
selftext: Does it count as quitting if you stopped smoking cigarettes but now vape with nicotine? My biggest issues with cigarettes were the stink and anxiety I would get after smoking them. I don't get those with vaping.
author: Atetsufooj
created_utc: 1526406656

---------
Document: 65 
selftext: Hi,

i have bought some nicotine gum two weaks ago. I tried three of them, it works, but I had no decision done so far. Today I have thrown away all my cigarettes and I am ready to quit now. I already had quit for eight weeks, but then I got back to it after a dumb thought, now I want to be free of smoking. I just can not take the it anymore.
author: ClaradStyler
created_utc: 1526890106

---------
Document: 66 
selftext: I've successfully entered the 2nd week no nicotine. The physical withdrawal is over and the fogginess is lifting.  This tends to be dangerous territory for me where the quit feels "boring" or "easy enough to stop and start again".

I know that's completely false, and it's done me in on many past quits.  

How have you managed your transition to smoke free living? Any routines or mantras that keep you going? 
author: MillenialMatriarch
created_utc: 1527769260

---------
Document: 67 
selftext: 32 days quit- cold turkey, no NRT.  Smoked a pack a day for almost 15 years and never tried to stop. Told myself that I had to give quitting a real effort- if I failed, I could at least say I tried when nagged about my habit. I expected to fail. 
32 days later and for the first time I woke up and smoking wasn’t the first thing on my mind. 

Things that helped- 

1.. healthy Competition and social support. Husband quit at the same time. told him I couldn’t quit unless he didn’t smoke around me, and he opted to quit too. I am so grateful, and if he wanted to start again I think I’m strong enough to maintain my quit anyway, but I think he is happy to have quit and hopefully stays quit for himself. Good friend also quit around the same time and it was nice to have people around who understood what I was going through. 
2. Promised myself I would complete the following list in order before giving into a craving:
        Drink a glass of water
        1 lap around the block 
        Take a shower 
        Chew a piece of nicotine gum 
        Buy and use an e-cig
I never made it past walk around the block- by the time I was done with that the craving had passed. 
3. Ate a lot. Ive gained 6 lbs, but I joined Weight Watchers today and am hopeful I can at least stop gaining. A few extra pounds was worth it and snacks definitely helped me fight cravings 
4. Avoided things that would trigger me like drinking until I felt more confident. I was already so uncomfortable those first couple of weeks- why make it worse? 
5. Reminding myself that resisting cravings makes me stronger, and the only thing another cig will do for me is make me want another cig. 
6. Made a list of all the good things I had to gain from quitting and referred to it often.
7. Went easy on myself. During this process I’ve snapped at my husband unnecessarily several times, eaten too much unhealthy food, and abandoned chores for several days. But I quit, and that’s awesome. It’s okay to not be perfect while you quit, just don’t smoke. 
8. I tried to acknowledge but then purposefully ignore the ridiculous things my addict brain came up with- like “I’m going smoke anyway, might as well be now” or “if I’m going to feel miserable, what’s the point?” I was truly my own worst enemy. I don’t view cigarettes as evil- but that addicted part of me that tried to sabotage myself? Yeah- she’s the worst. 


I am so happy to say “I don’t smoke.” I never want to feel the extreme discomfort of needing a cigarette again. The first day without cigarettes I cried, and I continued to grieve for quite awhile. But I stuck it out and am really proud of myself. You deserve this feeling too. Good luck to all. 
author: bmorenursey
created_utc: 1527110634

---------
Document: 68 
selftext: I quit smoking 8 days ago and contacted the state's Quit Smoking organization that have sent me 7mg patches, but being into 8 days smoke free and, even when around my friends that smoke, have zero interest in bumming a smoke. At this point, do 7mg patches make you feel anything? Will the presence of nicotine in my system make me want to start smoking again? Or should I just put it aside?
author: brazenxbull
created_utc: 1525199999

---------
Document: 69 
selftext: Ok so I fucked up my ACL (important part of your knee) and depending on how bad it ends up being, likely requires surgery to fix.   Hoping it doesn't but it probably will.  So.  

I know that cigs and specifically the nicotine slows healing time down- but I'm having trouble finding good literature on the effect of NRT on ligament healing.  I will certainly be discussing this with a doctor, just wondering if anyone here has any good sources or has had experience with this.

If I have to stop the gum I will, but even with the gum I've had difficulty quitting, and I just become massively bitchy.  I'll do what's necessary to heal best but during this stressful time I know what I'd prefer- the easy road of nicotine gum.  :///
author: paxweasley
created_utc: 1525817474

---------
Document: 70 
selftext: I have been trying to quit pretty hard since March this year. Tried going cold turkey and failed after 13 days. Tried using nicotine gums and again failed after 14 days. This time giving a try to patches and seems going good. 

The good part is this time am not having that feeling of missing or giving up something but instead feel release from a trap and getting control of my life back. Though few people say NRT is not good but I say do anything and everything to get yourself away from bloody ciggrate. Because as per me nicotine is fine but the popular source of getting it which is the ciggrate is not good . 

What say people? 
author: snakebite1720
created_utc: 1525948048

---------
Document: 71 
selftext: Has anyone quit cold turkey and then started vaping? Do they have vaping with no nicotine at all, I just really miss hanging with my friends and drinking wine, they all smoke though but ai feel like if I could hit a vape it would help! Ideas? 
author: Apurr13
created_utc: 1527724840

---------
Document: 72 
selftext: Sorry this is super long! I tried to cut some stufff out but that didn't work well so there is a short TLDR. Anyway, so I quit about 3 years ago using a vaporizer. Easy peasy with that thing. Then I stopped that too. Was finally so glad to be done with it. My boyfriend was right along with me in all this. 

Well, about 6 months ago he picked it up again and along I followed not so long after! We were in a VERY stressful situation and both resorted to that (not saying that it's a good way to handle stress!) But now I am wanting to be done with it, actually *needing* to be. I have a sickness that is as of yet undiagnosed for sure, but I do have doctors treating it. And the smoking, or ANY nicotine, exacerbates it badly. So I have really noticed just how much sicker the smoking makes me recently when I was somewhere for a week where I barely smoked. I felt so much better. It was great and I was in much less pain and vertigo was immensely improved among other positive health effects.

Came home to my smoking boyfriend and slipped back to the same level of smoking as before. After a couple of days smoking I felt awful. That was my impetus to quit, but about 14 hours into it I was not sleeping at all and I smoked almost an entire one. And then after dinner tonight I split one with my bf. So yep, failed twice already..

It is so hard to quit (for me anyway) without being able to do any nicotine replacement therapy (and can't take any medications since I am on so many others that interact) and also always having the cigs right next to me. Normally this is when I would ask my bf to stop the smoking as well but he just got out of rehab recently (explains the stress a bit, eh?) and quit a lot of drugs that he had picked up in the last 6 months, fentanyl being the worst and the most one used. I am so proud of him, choosing to get help and sticking to it, doing what he has to do to stay off (going to therapy, meetings and such.) I feel like at this point in his sobriety (excepting his nicotine and huge caffeine addiction) it would just be asking too much. 

So, I just have to have a bit more willpower. Any tips from those that quit when the cigs were right there all the time? I am on disability because of the health problems, and he is home most of the time, working as a fireman one day (24 hours) on and then 3 days off. So we are together pretty much 24/7. I know I have it in me to do this. But failing so early on was discouraging. I came on here to hold myself more accountable and want to update everyday that I did not fail (even though I know it will not be getting read, but just for myself.) Love reading the success stories, makes it seem not impossible! Thanks in advance for any tips, encouragement, or advice. 

**TLDR-** I have to quit smoking without any nicotine replacement therapy or any medications and have cigs next to me basically always. Any advice on how to resist? 

**EDIT-** Holy Cow! I knew I wrote a lot but did not realize how much until I hit that save button. Sorry to anyone who reads that all! :)))

**Progress.. I smoked almost a whole cig tonight. Whie yes, this is progress from where I was at before, I want to QUIT for good, so no, it is not really progress. I have as of yet not even done 24 hours. But tomorrow is a new day. I think tomorrow IS the day!! no, Iam going to say I KNOW tmrw is THE DAY!! I will not have one. 
author: Kumquat_conniption
created_utc: 1525673520

---------
Document: 73 
selftext: Midnight tonight is my quit time/day. I was going to wait until June 1st but I don't know if I can carry on another couple of days feeling like this. 

My reasons for smoking (apart from the obvious) are:

1. To have healthy lungs and be able to actually breathe - no more coughing up stuff or constant sneezing and sinus pain.

2. Because I know from previous attempts at quitting that smoking pretty much causes me to have IBS - sorry for TMI but it's something I've had for 4 years and never would have put it down to smoking until I gave up for 5 days the other month.

3. For my mental well-being. I know nicotine is a stimulant and my constant consumption of nicotine and caffeine is making my life miserable.

How I'm going to do it. 

From midnight (less than 3 hours) I am going to stop smoking. 

1. I will use patches and gum to keep the anxiety at a manageable level. 

2. I am going to practice deep breathing and do exercises whenever I feel the urge to smoke.

3. I am going to go outside every time I would usually smoke ( I smoke outside) and take 10 deep breaths of fresh air and notice how nice it is to do so. 

4. I'm probably going to spam on here quite a lot (sorry in advance)


I'm ready for this. I am stronger than my addiction

author: buttonbutterfield
created_utc: 1527452678

---------
Document: 74 
selftext: I realized some time not that long ago that I've been a smoker for half of my life, I started when I was 17 and now I'm 34.  Every time I light I cigarette, I feel miserable about it and pretty much just hate myself.  I bought a vape last year to try and make the switch to something "healthier" but I ended up just using that on top of smoking.  I'd go a few days with no cigarettes and feel really great about it, and then I would find something to stress about and go out and buy a pack.  

I've spent so much time in smoking rooms in international airports, covered in the stink of twenty different kinds of smokes, huddled outside in the cold after a nice dinner, rushing away from the table to get a cig after drinks, and pretending that smoking was an enjoyable part of my morning coffee/contemplation ritual.  

I've had a lot of false starts over the years, I've gone two weeks, I've gone a month at my longest, but I always come back to it.  

Tomorrow will be my first day as a non\-smoker/non\-nicotine user.  Today, I feel like I'm finally ready to wrestle control from this disgusting habit and take my lungs back.  I keep telling myself that it's not about what I'll be giving up, but about what I'll get from doing this.  I don't want lung cancer, I don't want to develop some sort of heart disease, I don't want to reek of of smoke, or stand in smoke filled glass cages desperately sucking on the end of a cigarette because I can't handle a nine hour plane ride and a layover. I don want to keep telling my  six year old nephew that someday I'll quit when he asks me why I do something that's so unhealthy. 

I'm feeling determined.

Here's hoping I can see this through.   
author: literalkev
created_utc: 1527027206

---------
Document: 75 
selftext: Hi guys, this is my nth attempt to quit :\) and I am without nicotine in no forms from last 5 days. I smoked 5\-6 cigarettes to the maximum during working days and none during weekends \(after marriage\) &amp; always failed to stick to the promises about quitting, first to wife and then to my adorable daughter.

This time I was referred to this group by Stop Smoking Android app &amp; glad that finally I gathered the courage to join a group and accept that I have an addiction.

Hope being a part of the group motivates, supports me to quit this DEMON behind forever.
author: rajthampi
created_utc: 1525697213

---------
Document: 76 
selftext: My SO and I are quitting for the gazillionth time after decades of smoking.  We're both using NRT bc we've found that we're both complete assholes without some kinda step down in nicotine.  I've been watching comedy standup shows and getting busy with the SO or alone with myself at an intentionally increased frequency.  It's been a game changer.  
author: penciljockey123
created_utc: 1527422545

---------
Document: 77 
selftext: Hey serious nicotine addicts turned non-smokers, when did you stop feeling like you were super annoyed with everyone and very pissed off at fairly minor things?  I know I've been through this process before in previous quits, but I am too much in the thick of it right now to recall when irritability started to get a lot better.
author: AntsyAngler
created_utc: 1526440679

---------
Document: 78 
selftext: This is sight/community/...whatever is SO INSPIRING!!! I’m going on 5 days not smoking (but vaping low nic 3mg).  I started smoking when I was 18....stopped/quit when I was 26 cold turkey!!! Did not smoke for 19 years...started stressing (life) and started smoking again!!! Decided to quit again...5 days ago as I was up to smoking a pack a day and started going beyond that pack ago!  Just reading the comments is inspirational and let’s me know that I am not alone doing this!! God bless to all and may we all be successful in not smoking!!!
author: jahcreated
created_utc: 1527570659

---------
Document: 79 
selftext: Im 1.5 years into quitting (smoked 25 years) and not once have I regretted quitting. However, each cigarette you smoke will be regretted. 
I can honestly say that quitting has relieved me of so much burden: how i feel about myself, not worrying about how i smell, not timing activities so ill have a smoke break, not having to ask whoever im in a car with to make a pitstop for cigs, not having to hide from family and friends who will be judgey, not alternating from feining to feeling nautious, not having to get out of bed in the middle of the night to smoke...
What made me quit was suddenly no matter how much i smoked i still craved a cigarette. Sort of like my body was asking for the nicotine but couldnt absorb it. Because of that i figured i might as well quit if i wasnt getting relief from smoking anymore. 
author: 2017duelingducks
created_utc: 1526470126

---------
Document: 80 
selftext: I've been quit for ten months after smoking more than a pack a day for 30 years. I rarely get colds or flues or headaches, but since quitting I've had some sort of infection (coughing, congestion) three times. I never get headaches either and I've gotten three of those since quitting too. Is this normal after quitting? 
author: cupofcoffy
created_utc: 1527353039

---------
Document: 81 
selftext: Hi all,
I’ve never posted before, so please forgive if this is awkwardly written.

I had quit smoking for a month and a half, then had a weak moment after a few beers and caved. That was a few weeks back, and I’ve been bumming smokes off my fiancé everyday since then (I bought two packs myself, but mostly just taking his). 
He has talked about quitting, but never acted on it. We live together, and he usually leaves the cigarettes on the porch when he’s home, so it’s not like I have to ask to have one. I think he secretly is ok with me smoking, because it takes the pressure off him to quit. He is a pretty heavy smoker, almost a pack a day, sometimes more. 

I know I can’t change his habit, only my own..but does anyone have advice for dealing with a partner who still smokes?

I’ve decided that today I will try again to quit, and do my best to stick with it, cigarettes nearby be damned!
author: saxamaphone710
created_utc: 1526562012

---------
Document: 82 
selftext: Hi all, this is my first post here (though I’ve been lurking for a couple of days)


I decided to try and quit again. Long story short, I quit smoking cigarettes back in around about October 2017. I switched to vaping and eventually quit that altogether too.


Fast forward to a couple of weeks ago and I’m currently staying with my partner and his family (We’re in a long distance relationship) and I hadn’t touched a cigarette since I quit. Problem is, his family are smokers, so the cravings became really strong and I gave in and bought a pack. A few days later I came clean to my partner about it knowing he’d be (understandably) disappointed. But he handled it well, said everyone makes mistakes, and we came to an agreement that I could smoke until his parents come back from their mini-break (3 days in the Netherlands) then I gotta pack it in for good. I agreed and promised that I would. 


On the day they return I kept my word and gave what was left of my pack to my partners older brother &amp; that was that. 


I haven’t gave in again yet but the cravings are becoming stronger and stronger and I don’t know how best to deal with them without resorting to vaping/other products, but I know that if I go onto anything else I’ll crave the real thing again so I’m kinda just going cold turkey. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated! 

Thanks for reading 
author: CoffeeGodNcigarettes
created_utc: 1526903759

---------
Document: 83 
selftext: I am 24 years old and have been a smoker for 4 years... 3/4 pack a day. I decided that I need to quit for a plethora of reasons (Why shouldn't one quit). Anyway, I quit on Saturday so I had been sober from cigarettes for 4 full days. Last night, I was in a really frustrating spot with my ex boyfriend and feeling really stressed and I caved an bought a pack. I have since then smoked 2 cigarettes - which I will say were both completely disgusting. Tasted gross, made me wonder what I am doing. I had a headache after both cigarettes. 

I am just wondering if anybody has any advice about how to move forward. I can accept that I have caved and smoked 2 cigs, that it's not the end of the world. But I would really like to prevent myself from sliding backwards and becoming a regular smoker again. 

Thanks in advance!!!
author: kbemis2012
created_utc: 1526564777

---------
Document: 84 
selftext: I’ve been on nicotine patches for 45 days and scaled down the dosage as instructed.  Yesterday I went patch free and the cravings are a bit stronger now.  Had a dream last night about smoking and woke up thinking for a second that I would go outside and have a wake up smoke.  It was only a second before I remembered I’m a nonsmoker.   The fact that my subconscious forgot that fact concerned me.  There’s been a few moments where I feel a bit panic stricken.  I do feel that my practice in overcoming the psychological cravings first while using the patch is helping me go through now final physical withdrawals and remain strong.  The cravings so far are a bit stronger than anticipated and this last day has been harder than I thought .  Oh well 2 days to go before the nicotine is completely expelled from my body.  Wish me luck!  I’m sticking to my quit.
author: eldouchebagel
created_utc: 1526736547

---------
Document: 85 
selftext: I smoked for about two decades, not quite a pack a day, but regularly.  I am so happy and free now that I quit.  It has changed a lot about me.  One less monkey on my back!
author: frownyclown
created_utc: 1526826734

---------
Document: 86 
selftext: Hung around this sub for the longest time ever, trying to get to the point of quitting. Quit a few other things in the process, but nicotine just hung on. A week back, putting out the laundry with the missus, I thought aloud that I needed to quit, with a 4-year-old who wants to do everything he sees his parents do. Smoked my last that night, without knowing it was my last. Next morning, just decided not to stock up. Can't say for sure how rough it is cold turkey as I am neck deep in personal and professional issues, but the days/week has passed, and I dropped by to share this milestone with you guys. Thanks for being an ocean of encouragement. 
author: madantics
created_utc: 1526668243

---------
Document: 87 
selftext: I've quit too many times to count.  I always have the hardest time in the first week and fight really hard.  Then when it seems easier I get complacent and think I can have one at a party or something.  I'm not going to stress about the future yet.  For now, I'm just happy that the first 24 hours nicotine free is done.  I'm going to sleep and tomorrow I will not smoke.
author: AntsyAngler
created_utc: 1525937528

---------
Document: 88 
selftext:  I tried to quit smoking in March but couldn't deal with the extreme bitchiness and emotional breakdown that happened.  It was mid\-tax season.  

I decided to try again.  I haven't smoked in 20 hours.  I'm listless.  I'm emotional.  I'm just blah.  It finally clicked for me, though.  My SO that was quick to roll his eyes when I'd buy a pack of cigarettes for the past year \(I was going to quit last year and didn't\) hasn't really acknowledged my quit attempt.  He knows it's been 20 hours, which isn't a  long time.  But, for a 24 yr pack a day smoker, it's huge.

It finally dawned on me that one of the reasons I'm so emotional is that I need someone to tell me I'm doing a good thing.  Someone to give me an attagirl. Because this sucks.  It's hard.  I need someone to recognize that.  Maybe it's selfish of me.  But, dammit, I need it.
author: The_Wicked_Ginja
created_utc: 1526930401

---------
Document: 89 
selftext: It’s been less than a week since I decided to quit(it’s the 3rd attempt to be honest) but I made a promise to my mom on Mother’s day that I would try my hardest to quit so this milestone is huge for me. It’s still so hard to fight the urges but the nicotine gum helps a bit. I find myself getting irritated/short tempered with people more often but I know that will pass.  I know there’s a long road ahead and that scares me but there’s a small part in me that knows I can push through. Here’s to my first day not smoking a cigarette in 4 years 
author: SkeithXEpitaph
created_utc: 1526803744

---------
Document: 90 
selftext: Idk if anyone has this but my pores are HUGE and when I quit smoking, only a day later they started to close up. I know it’s kind of superficial but I’m very hard on myself, my appearance, and my skin has never healed itself like it did when I had no nicotine in my system. Currently at about an hour of non smoking, I’ve been on and off all day. It’s been a hard few weeks, going back and forth with them. I decided to get back on the patch, stay on it for a week and try to quit cold turkey again. If it gets too hard for me I’ll go back on the patch. Not one more puff. 
author: ShiaLabeoufff9
created_utc: 1527391898

---------
Document: 91 
selftext: Maybe I am addicted and I don't want to belittle anyone's struggle. I'm a casual smoker. Not a social smoker but a casual smoker. The reason I started smoking was because my first high school job as a dishwasher you got "smoke breaks" on top of your regular breaks if you were a smoker. I kept up the habit. But I only smoke at work and while driving. I think it's a boredom thing. If I'm home for the weekend I won't smoke at all or if I'm with friends or family I never need to go for a smoke. Just smoking at work and driving I smoke about 2-3 packs a week and winter I smoke 2-3 packs a month.

I think it would be easy to quit. It's unhealthy and its a waste of money. But at the same time I can't imagine what to do on work breaks or what I would do while driving. A big part of not wanting to quit if it's just almost a part of my idenity now. Anyone quit who was just a casual smoker but struggled to quit? What helped you? 
author: tprimex
created_utc: 1527491066

---------
Document: 92 
selftext: Hi Everybody,

Just wanted to introduce myself. Brand new to reddit, but not the internet. I heard about this group or at least ones like it before offline and wanted to join it as one of my subscriptions. I quit smoking about 4 years ago, and was finally successful with vaping and nicotine reduction.

Just wanted to join in case I could offer any advice to people as a former smoker for around 13 years.

Thanks!
author: Ironclad_Metalhead
created_utc: 1525547821

---------
Document: 93 
selftext: This is the first morning, in a long time, that I woke up and didn't crave or think of having one.  I totally forgot, for a few hours, that my smoker morning routine is to wake up and have one.  I didn't think about having one, until I drove past one of my nicotine dealers.  

I am really glad I found this sub.  All the information and support here really helps people quit.  Thank you everyone!
author: ludikr1s
created_utc: 1526041883

---------
Document: 94 
selftext: I quit 3 weeks ago.  I occasionally use the gum or an e cigarette.  It's probably once per day.  Everything fills me with intense rage.  Even things that logically should not.  I'm also very, very depressed.  Do you guys think this is due to the nicotine withdrawals or a mental health issue?  I do have a diagnosis of bipolar 2, but the medication was working well before I stopped smoking.  I don't want to feel like this.
author: missmauly
created_utc: 1526998678

---------
Document: 95 
selftext: I have been smoking for 24 years. Started when I was 16, and have been smoking two packs a day for many years.  I have never had a desire to quit. I have never tried or even thought about quitting.  I truly loved smoking and figured I would smoke for the rest of my life.  It was just my way of life and every puff was fantastic.

I don’t know why, but a few days ago, I just all of a sudden decided to quit. Almost like a switch just went off in my head.  I took a full pack and flushed them.  I found this subreddit and support tools online and gave it a try.  It’s only been a few days, and it’s agonizingly hard, but I have not smoked. I can’t believe how good I feel.

Thank you to all on this subreddit. Your posts have helped me so much and I know they will continue to guide me through the days and weeks ahead.  Stay strong!!

author: dpsmith124
created_utc: 1525508780

---------
Document: 96 
selftext: I talk about quitting all the time. More failed attempts than I can count.

Yesterday I ran out just before my morning shower and decided to not buy another pack on my way into a meeting. Ended up not buying a pack when I went to grab lunch. Also didn't get a pack on my way home. 


It's been pretty easy so far, although I have this feeling like my skin is crawling and  can tell that I could easily rage out if I don't control myself. 

What helped yesterday was starting a list of 1000 things that are better than smoking. I got 36 down and hope to add many more. Today I will start doing things on the list and adding more as I crave. 

Best Wishes to you All!
author: MillenialMatriarch
created_utc: 1527076253

---------
Document: 97 
selftext: I've quit before, but with the help of Champix. Had some unfortunate side effects, so I won't be using that again. 

I've been thinking of quitting for a while now for a number of reasons. I've become a bit of a hypochondriac too, so it doesn't help that smoking causes so many health issues. 

In any case, this morning I had 2 smokes in my pack. Had one with coffee, and one before starting work. Before I left home I knew I wasn't going to buy another pack. I just knew. Because I have an oral fixation and want to ease myself away from that, I have a vape. My SO quit via vape, so I feel like it's a good option for me. I currently use 6mg juice, but want to work my way down to zero like my SO. I made sure I could charge it before I left home and set out. The day was weird. I had a couple emotional spikes, where I was trying really hard not to cry. As the day at work progressed, I got better. I'm feeling pretty great right now. I feel "lighter", and encouragement from my coworkers was really helpful. 
author: iamanundertaker
created_utc: 1527290389

---------
Document: 98 
selftext: I’m quitting vaping, not smoking, but hope I can still find a supportive community here.

Background: I managed to switch from smoking to vaping a few years ago, with only one relapse about a year ago. I weaned myself from 24mg juice down to 12, but just increased my use. I was a chain vaper. You name the place, I was vaping. The ecig did not leave my hand. I got a new job a few months ago, and was always running to the bathroom to get my fix. It was hard to sit through a meeting that was more than an hour long. Forget about a movie. Or traveling. I’d sneak it anywhere I could. Last week Friday, I got caught vaping at work. And told if I was caught again, I’d be fired. Well if that’s not a wake-up call, I don’t know what is, so I bought the patch and the lozenges, and here I am.

What sucks: Because I vaped pretty much everywhere, everything is a trigger. I reach for it in the morning, and when I remember that I can’t have it, I just don’t want to start the day. My concentration is shot to hell. I have crazy dreams and don’t feel well-rested when I wake up from them. But I want to sleep all the time, since at least then I wouldn’t be jonesing. Coffee and booze are out of the question. I’m hungrier, but post-meal is one of my biggest triggers. Basically, I’m a big mess.

What has helped: Of course, unique to my circumstance, I remind myself that I still have my job. But also: I signed up for the smoke free text service. I use the nicotine patch only when I’m at work and need to focus the most. When I get an intense craving, I remind myself that I’m wearing the patch and tell myself “nicotine is still flowing” (like those airplane overviews of the oxygen masks when they tell you that they may not inflate, but oxygen is still flowing.) I use the lozenges. I hold my bottle of nicotine lozenges like I used to hold my ecig, and suck on the thumb of my knuckle like I would inhale my ecig. I carry the little bottle around with me like I used to carry my ecig around with me. It’s comforting to still have a little nicotine talisman. I tried a hypnosis video on youtube. It wasn’t transformative or anything, but a helpful mindful meditation exercise to think back on. I will probably watch it again.

So, that’s where I am so far. I know mine is a little different than the “analogue” experience, but I couldn’t find a lot of resources on quitting vaping, so I wanted to share. It has been helpful and inspiring to read through this subreddit and learn about all of your efforts, and I wish you all the best of luck and continued success.
author: everevereever
created_utc: 1526673952

---------
Document: 99 
selftext: I've been having a rough go of it. I read Alan Carr's book, I tried Chantix, tried hypnotism, meditation, positive thinking the whole lot. I've gotten myself 25 days along but I started having serious psychological issues from the Chantix. So I went off the Chantix which didn't go well  and was causing horrible panic attacks today. I couldn't quite figure out if this was a result of going off the medication or if this is just what quitting smoking without medication feels like. Somebody handed me a cigarette, and just holding it made the panic subside. I didn't smoke it, when I realized but the Panic slow down I realized I didn't have to smoke again. I did get zero nicotine Vape to bridge me between coming off the Chantix and being fully ready to be a non-smoker. Maybe it's a pacifier But I'm happy that I didn't cave and reintroduce nicotine to my system after almost a month. I really wish I could have been the kind of person the Allen Carr talks about in his book that just walked away and enjoyed it or whatever, but I'm not that person. The idea of feeling like this every day for the rest of my life honestly freaked me out. So you're if you're at this place and and you can't make your subconscious live up to the same standard other people seem to be able to do, Maybe you don't want to use a replacement but also don't be afraid to use a replacement if you need to. One method doesn't work for everybody. I don't know if this helps anybody but it helped me today.
author: ladyfitter537
created_utc: 1525346741

---------
Document: 100 
selftext: Like the title says, I have been tobacco free for 68 days. I used to dip and smoke and found out that the best way to stop would be to quit both cold turkey to purge my body of its addiction.  Nicotine addiction was described by Alan Carr as a feeling of hunger. Ever since I quit that craving hunger feeling hasn't fully gone away. It may have subsided a little bit but it's still there.  Anyone know if there's a time frame that it usually goes away?  Or is it just going to continue to very gradually get better until eventually it's gone? I don't plan on smoking or dipping even if the feeling stays. It would just be nice to be reassured that eventually it does pass.
author: IHiatus
created_utc: 1526128102

---------
